

Amere Watson
(773) -540-4552
amerewatson@gmail.com
Permanent Address: 8147 South Michigan Chicago, IL 60619
Current Address: 4209 South Indiana Chicago, IL 60653


Objective:
To become apart of an association or company where I can strengthen connections, further experience
and skills while working toward the goal of bettering the company as a whole.

Experience:
Bennett Day School Chicago IL
Position: Summer Camp Counselor                         June 24th 2021 to August 6th 2021
   *      Implement guidance and training as necessary to incoming counselors.
   *      Provide further assistance within classrooms and around the school whenever needed.
   *      Practice age-appropriate communication skills, compassion, and patience amongst children and
   colleagues.
   *      Operate front desk phone and sign in all incoming visitors.
Phalanx Family Services Chicago IL
Position: Assistant                         June 2020 to Present
   *      Log attendance, organize and set up events via computer.
   *      Assist employees with anything they may have questions about.
    *      Compose emails and make phone calls to employees.
Fyzical Therapy & Balance Center Chicago IL
Position: Client Care Specialist
    *      Handle patient scheduling, appointments, multi-phone line to answer any questions from
      potential or current patients.
    *      Collect new patient intake information; track all clinic referrals. Collect/open mail;
      distribute mail to proper areas/people. Schedule patients; coordinate evaluations,
      re-evaluations, appointment reminders and cancellations. Check mail: keep track of Explanation
      of Benefits sent from mail and fax to billing

    *      Disseminate information to patients, act as a go-between for patients and physicians. Fax/
      send reports to physicians; keep a log of incoming reports

    *      Verify Insurance and track insurance-covered visits; take copayments

Education:
Thomas Kelly High School Chicago IL                  September 2016 to June 2020
Northern Illinois University DeKalb IL                  August 2020 to Present
   *      Major: Health Sciences
   *      Expected Graduation Date: May 2024
References:
   *      Available upon request


