
Fernando Menendez

7102 Alexandra Dr., DE 19702
Phone: (917) 753-5034 * fmenendez.career@gmail.com

IT Professional


 PROFILE:

A dedicated technology professional with over 20 years of solid experience in enterprise and small
business support environments. A hybrid tech well versed in both Windows and Mac environments with a
strong focus on client service.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Calico Corners; Kennett Square,PA 3/28/2022-7/15/2022
System Administrator (Temporary Contractor)
Inhouse Systems, Network, and end user support
VMWare support and maintenance.
Support of Windows and Graphic users on a Mac Environment.
Exchange and O365 support in a Hybrid Environment.
2nd Level response to ticketing system using Service Desk.
Documentation of IT procedures, operations in Sharepoint.
Azure and Active Directory administration, configuration and maintenance.
PDQ Deploy and Inventory for software Deployment and Patch Management
WSUS for Windows Updates
Installation of Ingenico Payment Terminals at Calico Corners store.
Networking experience with TCP/IP, routing, firewalls and subnets.
Assisted with major company move of router, switches, network devices and PC's.

Fiserv/First Data; Wilmington, DE 9/7/2021-12/31/2021
IT Support (Temporary Contractor)
Supporting Windows and Mac users in a dual domain, untrusted environment between Fiserv and First
Data.
Setup and support of users in the Wilmington, DE office as part of the RTO (Return to Office)
initiative.
2nd level elevated support of remote users on the East Coast. Resolution of tickets as assigned.
SCCM for deployments and imaging.
Troubleshooting of network connectivity issues for end users in both the Fiserv and First Data
domains,
Configuration of BipIP and Anyconnect VPN's.
Installation, configuration and troubleshooting of multiple applications: O365, Oracle, Toad, Visio,
Infopath, and others.
IOS and Android e-mail configuration and support.
Setup, configuration and deployment of Windows laptops, and peripheral equipment.
Projects as assigned.


Continental Finance Company, LLC; Wilmington, DE 8/2015-6/2021
System Administrator - IT Consultant
Systems, Network, and end user support both in-house and remote.
Support of over 200 EC2 Instances in AWS (Amazon) cloud. Server builds and configuration.
AWS Cloud Technology: VPC, EC2, S3, ELB, RDS, ECS, AMI
Creation of new IAM accounts in the AWS cloud.
Exchange and O365 E-mail Support in a Hybrid Environment.
O365 Administration: created and maintained user accounts, distribution groups and shared mailboxes.
Mobile e-mail support for iOS and Android.
Configuration and installation of MFA Duo software for user network authentication.
PBX Support: Maintenance and support of Freepbx Cloud server and Office VOIP phone system.
Reviewed and implemented Windows Updates for all on prem and AWS Servers.
Active Directory administration, configuration and maintenance.
Networking experience with TCP/IP, routing, firewalls and subnets.
Liaison to 3rd party vendors and IT support Personnel.
Tableau server and desktop configuration, software and Tableau user support.
Support of SAGE server and software for the accounting department.
Support of SAS servers for the Risk Management department.
Configuration and support of OpenVPN, Forticlient, and Virtual Machines for end user remote
connectivity.
Documentation of IT procedures, operations, and network topology.
Installed, configured, tested and maintained operating software and system management tools.
Familiar with the principles and practice of configuration for change management and releases.
Configuration of Cerebus SFTP server for remote FTP vendors.
Troubleshooting of day to day software, and infrastructure issues.
Onboarding of new hires; creation of O365 and AD accounts. Building of new user VMs in the AWS
cloud.
Executive support of CEO, CFO, President and upper Management.
Fernando Menendez

(Continental Finance Company, Cont'd)
Conference Room AV setup and configuration using TEAMS.
Varied projects as assigned.

Publisher's Clearing House; Port Washington, N.Y. 5/2015-8/2015
IT Mac OS X Desktop Support Consultant
Assisted in the deployment project roll out of Mac minis, iMac desktops, and laptops for PCH users
Software and hardware configuration, upgrades and installation of all Mac desktops and laptops
Creation of Software packages for Mac using Package Maker and Casper.
Software maintenance, support and network configuration of iMac desktops.
Troubleshooting of software, hardware and connectivity issues.

Consolidated Data Services; NYC 11/2014 - 3/2015
IT Support Consultant
As the sole IT support technician in a mixed Windows and Mac OSX environment consisting of 60+ users
including upper management;
Providing day to day technical support via telephone, e-mail, remote access, and face-to-face
Installation, configuration, deployment and troubleshooting for all laptops, desktops, workstations
and mobile devices..
Administration of Active Directory platform.Setup of end user Exchange e-mail accounts through Cloud
PortalSupport of software, core and business apps including Adobe CS6, MS Office Suite 365;
Configuration of Outlook Client for exchange e-mail, Time Machine backups, Safari, Firefox and
Chrome and Internet Explorer browsers, Filezilla and Putty for FTP transmissions, updating of user
database in Filemaker, UTC server support, Windows Server support. Sophos Antivirus software,
installation of Computrace for laptops, Network VPN setup and maintenance.
Setup of user i.p. telephones including programming of extensions and voicemail through the Avaya
system.
Setup and Maintenance of Teleconference room systems for webinars and presentations. Maintenance and
troubleshooting of Audio Visual Equipment.Provided peripheral support of network and local printers,
faxes and scanners.
Maintained on-site server room
Setup, supported and maintained on-site backup of company data onto tape via Veam software.
Documented, tracked and monitored client incidents in the Footprints ticketing system to ensure a
timely resolution.
Awareness of SOX (Sarbanes-Oxley) compliance.


Newsday, Melville, N.Y. 6/2013-11/2014
Technology Coordinator Consultant
Mac support for Creative Services graphic artists' workstations for Newsday and AM New York
Application installation, configuration, and support of Adobe Creative Suite apps: InDesign,
Photoshop, Illustrator, Acrobat and Creative Cloud.Other applications include: Suitcase Fusion (Font
Management), MSOffice Suite 365 and Cumulus.
Creation of 10.8.x (Mountain Lion) and 10.9.x (Mavericks) OSX images using disk utility, Disck maker
X, Carbon Copy Cloner for iMac Desktop deployment.
iPad and iPhone setup, configuration, support and deployment for Newsday Media Sales group.
Installation of peripherals on iMacs such as scanners, network and local printers.
Maintenance of asset tag, application and hardware inventory.
Software maintenance, support and network configuration of iMac desktops.
Troubleshooting of all software and hardware issues.
Executive Support of CTO and upper management.


New World Solutions; NYC 10/2008-7/2009; 4/2010-5/2013
IT Consultant
System administration and support in a Windows server environment
Application support on front and back end of C2, a java and .Net in-house application.
Installation of Oracle client and ODBC configuration.
Active Directory
VMWare Support
Network Troubleshooting
Nagios Monitoring System
Windows desktop and server support
Tape Backups using Backup Exec software.
Elastix server and i.p. phone setup
Executive support as assigned by the CTO. Supporting CEO and CFO and managers.


Comedy Central; NYC
The Daily Show with Jon Stewart 7/2009-3/2010
The Colbert Report 8/2008- 10/2008
IT Administrator
Windows Server, Windows XP, Windows 7 Desktop and Laptop support.
Apple Mac OS Laptop and Desktop support.
Installation of ENPS/AP and configuration of user accounts, MSOffice 2003-2010, all standard desktop
apps
Fernando Menendez

(Comedy Central; Cont'd)
software with Ghost and Acronis.
Executive support of Upper management, online talent producers and directors and all personnel.

MERRILL LYNCH; NYC 9/2000 - 5/2008
IT Consultant
Worked closely with application developers both local and offshore. Well versed in complex
multi-tiered application setup. Trouble shooting of application related issues on servers.
Server and application support of approximately 50 servers in Development, QA, and Production Global
Environments.
Installation and support of mixed homegrown applications using .Net Framework, Asp.net, Java, Html,
and Xml related software on servers. Application Migrations.
Troubleshooting of database connection issues, for Oracle. Knowledgeable in SQLNet configuration,
Oracle Names server, TNS Names.ora, TNS Ping and SQL Plus.
Responded to alerts, emergencies, and trouble tickets through the Help Desk NetIQ Monitoring
services.
Setup, configuration, and troubleshooting of IIS and Apache Tomcat server for web based
applications. Creation of virtual websites and application pools. Configuration of COM+ Components
for Component driven applications.
Involved in server and application decommissions. Review and Implementation of QA and Production
releases.
Setup and configuration of Centera Storage using DiskXtender. Permissioning of application
directories.
Executive Support including CFO, CTO, CEO and upper management.
Scheduling and trouble shooting of Autosys jobs. Supported the CTG Financial Reporting Technology
group's server and desktop platform. Platform is comprised of 22 servers and 70+ desktops spread
among 3 different physical locations as well as all aspects related to server and desktop
configurations, upgrades, account creations, problem trouble shooting, file and directory recovery,
and use of Process Explorer for monitoring.
ARC Serve data backups, production lights on continuity, recovering from disk and server failures.
Successfully spearheaded the CTG Financial Reporting Technology Group September 11th 2001 server
environment recovery efforts.
Provided Help Desk, administrative support and troubleshooting for multiple in house Financial
Applications: Headcount, Greensheets, Tax, Payroll, Balance Sheet, Analyst Call, BSAO, Cair, Opra,
Alpha, BSR, StorQM and Corporate Reporting.
Executive support of CTO and upper management.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
AWS Cloud Technology: EC2, VPC, S3, ELB, RDS, ECS, AMI, IAM
Windows Powershell Scripting
Apple Mac OSX support:
Linux: Ubuntu, Redhat, Unix
Windows Desktops;
Windows Servers
iPad, iPhone and other mobile device deployment and support
Cisco VPN and Citrix Receiver Support
Open VPN and Forticlient support
Adobe product support including Adobe Reader and Creative Suite 6, Creative Cloud
Windows Operating Systems: Windows 2019, 2016, XP, Windows 10
MSOffice Suite 365 and previous versions.
Administration & Monitoring tools: ARCServe, Microsoft ADS, Microsoft SMS, IPMonitor, PcAnywhere,
VNC
Telecommuting, Remote Access Services, Terminal Services
Infrastructure Components: Domain Controllers (PDC & BDC), DHCP, DNS, FTP, WINS, IP / DNS resolution
Centera storage configuration
Performance monitoring via Teamquest / perfmon
Backup / Restore utilizing: Autosys, AWS S3 bucket, Legato NetWorker and Veam software
Server monitoring via NetIQ / Sitewatch, PRTG and Event Sentry
Support of multiple browsers: Microsoft IE, Firefox, Safari, Chrome.
Software applications and environments: Microsoft suite of applications MS Office Suite, Microsoft
IIS, Client and Server installations, Anti-Virus software protection, ADP.
Teleconference Setups
Participated in Systems/software implementation, and deployment in large-scale, complex
organizations.
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
Ability to work independently, self-motivating
Customer Service friendly
Bi-lingual: Fluent in English and Spanish

EDUCATION:
      Xavier H.S.; NYC, N.Y. (Graduated)
New York University 9/1977- 4/1981
      Kingsborough College 9/1992-7/1994
      AWS Certified Practitioner (In Progress)

HOBBIES & INTERESTS:
      Digital Media, Audio/Visual (Final Cut, Camtasia), Recording/Logic Software, Creative Writing,
Health & Fitness,
Music/Musician (Drums, Piano, Guitar), Cycling, Nutrition, A.I., Physics, Math, Astronomy, Reading