
18124 Lake Harbor Lane *   Prairieville LA 70769

Phone 251-978-3935 *   E-mail hlrichman@yahoo.com

Heather Richman
Objective

        To obtain a position as a piping designer.

Summary of qualifications

        Seven years experience with time spent in-house and on-site
Familiar with multiple disciplines including electrical, mechanical, civil,
  process and piping
Proficient with AutoCAD, CADWorx, and Microsoft Office Programs.

Professional experience

        2007-2009    Wink Companies, LLC  Baton Rouge, La
Piping Designer
Piping Designer.  Using Bentley AutoPLANT I complete detailed piping design.  Verify and model equipment.  Create piping isometrics and orthographics.  In addition to Bentley AutoPLANT, I utilize ISOGEN, Explorer and Plant Exchange.

        2006-2007    Orion Engineering    Theodore, Al
Jr. Piping Designer/Modeling Specialist
Jr .Piping Designer.  Using CADWorx I modeled all disciplines: Piping, Equipment
  and Structural.  Routed pipe in the model and checked for interferences.  Checked
  Equipment drawings; verified nozzles and locations on vendor drawings.  Created
  Isometric Views and Orthographic drawings.  Worked with clients in model reviews
  and made any changes they requested.

2005-2006    AIG American General    Mobile, Al
Sales Agent
Outside sales and insurance claims management.  Diplomat with Mobile Chamber of
  Commerce.

2001-2005    CDI Engineering Solutions    Mobile, Al
Jr. Designer/Draftsman
Mechanical & electrical drafting and design.  Contract at TPE manufacturing
  facility.  In electrical discipline: created panel layouts with bill of
  materials, wiring connection diagrams and cable schedules.  Performed
  point-to-point checks.  In mechanical discipline: was responsible for
  mechanical detailing and limited design including equipment guards, lifts and
  brackets.  Updated plant P&IDs and Civil/Structural drawings.  Responsible for
  all project department document control.  Used AutoCAD, MicroStation, and
  TurboCAD and Microsoft Office programs including Access.

Education

        1998-2000    Bishop State Community College    Mobile, Al
Associate's Degree in Drafting & Design Technology
President's List, 4.0 in major

2002-2004    Bellevue University    Bellevue, Ne
Bachelor's Degree in Marketing Management
President's List, 4.0 in major