
Alexandra O'Leary
2461 W Golda Pl Tucson AZ, 85705 520-981-2157
aoleary@thepartnership.us
aioleary2424@gmail.com

Alexandra O'Leary
2461 W Golda Pl, Tucson, AZ, 85705 520-981-2157
aoleary@thepartnership.us
aioleary2424@gmail.com

Objectives
I am seeking a position as a online teacher at Connections Academy. I have a Bachelor's Degree in
Science and Business and Management. I have two classes remaining until I have my Master's Degree in
Science and psychology completed. I bring high dedication to student development and relevant lesson
plans that meet the student's educational needs. I can appropriately assess learning competency and
learning skills. I am a team player who is highly analytical, organized, detail orientated and
deadline driven. Thank you for your time in advance. I look forward to speaking with you in more
detail about the position.


Experience
Pima Partnership High School, Tucson AZ
12/29/2015-Current
Worked with children considered at risk youth and youth on their own. Prepared curriculum that meets
the National Standards for Science Education, implemented and outlined teaching plans made
adjustments to curriculum based on specific class and child needs and abilities, and provided
problem solving skills to empower children while allowing them to use their knowledge and
creativity.
Express Professionals, Tucson AZ
03/15/2014-12/29/2016
Taught multiple subjects such as Science, English, Reading, Math and Art used skills and techniques
to enhance classroom etiquette and academic improvement. I implemented and outlined teaching plans
and made adjustments to curriculum based on specific class and child needs and abilities, and
provided problem solving skills to empower children while allowing them to use their creativity.
Bass and Associates Law Firm, Tucson AZ
03/13/2013-01/01/2014
Worked as an Account Manager for Bass and Associates Law Firm. Collected and reported monthly
expense variances and explanations. Reviewed collection reports to determine the status of
collection and the amount of outstanding balances. Knowledge of the Fair debt Collection Practices
Act. Specialized in bankruptcy, Divorce Decrees and contract knowledge. Primary Role in collections
was to receive inbound and outbound calls while educating and negotiating customers on specific
account information, concerns and inquires to make it as easy as possible make it to resolve their
delinquency.


Education
University Of Phoenix, Tucson AZ
Master's degree in Science, Psychology 2013-Current
My coursework focused on research methods, social and cognitive abilities as well as life span
development. With specialized courses in neuropsychology, cognitive behavior and psychopathology. I
have a strong understanding of the cognition and the effects on human behavior, emotional regulation
and language. Furthermore I have familiarity of behavior that is considered pathological, including
emotional and personality disorders. I know the standard methods of classifying and treating
disorders. I understand the ethical and legal issues surrounding neuropsychological research.
University Of Phoenix, Tucson AZ
Bachelor's Degree in Science, Business and Management 2011
My coursework focused on commerce and employee relations. Theories of economics, consumer buying
power and budget analysis. I understand how to maintain and improve fiscal health within
organizations. I possess the ability to become a leader or assist in leadership activities, resolve
conflict, supervise employees and promote an agreeable work environment. I understand the importance
of ethics, corporate responsibility and policies.
Apollo College, Tucson AZ
Medical Billing and Coding Certification 2006
My coursework included health insurance coverage, insurance life cycles, filing insurance claims and
specific coding systems. Patient confidentiality and HIPAA (Health Insurance Portability and
Accountability).
*Health insurance laws *Electronic records management *Physician and hospital coding practices
*Coding software programs *Medical insurance claims *Anatomy and physiology


Communication
I know how to apply and develop client centered treatment plans with specific goals and objectives
that provide therapeutic counseling in accordance with such plans. I have experience both
professionally and personally working with children and adults using a variety of theoretical
perspectives diagnosed by mental health professionals. Some of the disorders include Adjustment
Disorders, ADHD, Oppositional Defiant Disorder, Depression, Substance Abuse, Bipolar Disorder,
Dysthymic Disorder, Anxiety Disorders, Cognitive Disorders and Borderline Personality Disorder. I
have experience and can apply a variety of psychological methods and techniques in screening,
assessment and evaluation of clients identified as substance abusers/chemically dependent.
Exceptional knowledge of family and children psychology
Strong knowledge of crisis intervention techniques
Skilled in child assessment and counseling procedures
Familiarity with Federal, State and Local policies related to child therapeutic problems


References
Lisa Long, Pima Partnership High School
520-326-2528 X 2102
Paul Thompson, Marana Unified School District
520-616-6335
Andrea White, Bass and Associates Law Firm
520-577-1544


1