
                                       Alyssa Lohr
                 E: alohr@outlook.com   * M: 407-342-7161 * Tampa, FL 33626
                           https://www.linkedin.com/in/alyssa-lohr/

May 22, 2022


To Whom It May Concern,

My name is Alyssa Lohr and I am currently an assistant manager at Sherwin Williams. Before
working at Sherwin Williams I worked with the local Fox station in Tampa and Orlando for over
10 years as a Television Director.

I wanted to inquire about your recent postings on Linkedin. I am greatly interested in the Media
Consultant position with Cox Media. I know I would be a great candidate for this position:
- Experience: Working for 2 large corporations I have now overseen different ways to promote a
company. I had been promoting a brand for the Fox stations for years- Knowing what viewers
wanted to see. I created Fox 13's Thursday Night Football Pre-show. Working with a large news
crew creating a show and brand that continues to be successful. Now as an assistant manager
with Sherwin Williams I continue to build relationships with customers and contractors through
our weekly sales calls. This allows us to not only promote our reliable products but also increases
our monthly sales per quarter.
- Managerial Experience   : I have been working as an assistant manager at Sherwin Williams
  helping to create a strong team to be able to produce strong sales numbers for our store. Boosting
  the morale of our store team is always a focus of mine that helps to produce a positive
  work environment. With this, we all work together as a team and it motivates the employees to
  constantly boost our sales. Working at Fox I lead a talented team throughout breaking news,
  whether it was storm coverage or during the Covid-19 Pandemic.
- Creativity: I have the creativity to be able to develop marketing materials for a company. That
can be indicated working in such a creative field in television, which it allows you to have such a
creative mind. I have helped to promote Fox Orlando for their Instagram as well, keeping not
only a diverse audience but a young audience which helps to prolong viewership.

Thank you for your time and I look forward to discussing the Media Consultant position with
you.


Best Regards,


Alyssa Lohr
Enclosure: Resume

