
John Ashford

Orlando, FL 32821
johnashford49@gmail.com
407 766 7337

Authorized to work in the US for any employer


Work Experience

Customer Service Representative/Call Center
Universal Orlando Resort.  - Orlando, FL
November 2019 to March 2020

Assisted guests with theme park information, pass and ticket sales as well as vacation planning and
vacation packages. via telephone contact.

Customer Service Representative
Seaworld Parks and Entertainment
2014 to 2019

I. Orlando Contact center.

In call customer service and sales agent. Advice and sales to guests regarding all 12 Theme parks,
water parks and resorts nationwide. Met or exceeded sales targets and customer service satisfaction
surveys.

Customer Service Representative. Orlando
Hilton Grand Vacations
2013 to 2014

Offered vacation advice and sales of vacation packages at this in call guest services center..

Wine Shop Manager
Holiday Wine and Spirits  - Chicago, IL
2001 to 2013

Responsible for daily operations of busy central Chicago wine shop. Supervised up to 15 staff
members.
Staff training, purchasing, promotions and inventory control part of managerial function.

Auction Wine Coordinator
WineBid.com   - London
1999 to 2001

Duties included receiving, documenting, storing and international distribution of wines submitted to
auction. Worked closely with customs and excise authorities regarding tax issues.

Judge and Dolph
Wine and Spirits  - Chicago, IL
1995 to 1999




Responsible for new business development and retention of key central Chicago on premise accounts
which included class A hotels, restaurants, clubs and convention centers. Compiled wine lists,
implemented promotions and conducted staff training seminars.


Education

Higher National Diploma in Business Studies
North western polytechnic - London


Skills


* Guest Services
* Business Development
* Purchasing
* Training & Development


Certifications and Licenses

Higher National Diploma Business Studies.
Present

Comprehensive business study program, including Business Law, Accounting, Human resources,
Industrial Engineering etc. North Western Polytechnic, London, England.


Groups

Wine and Spirits Educational Trust Higher Diploma.
Present

Wine and spirits trade qualification that members of the trade in the UK are required to have in order
to advance in the industry. Advanced knowledge of wine in all it's aspects are part of the curriculum.

