
Ray Lang
121 Berkshire Drive, Wheeling, IL 60090  *  847-537-7631  *
raylang2001@yahoo.com

Objective:
Obtain a leadership position with a dynamic organization that will
provide an opportunity to apply my diverse marketing and advertising
experience in various elements to create and/or enhance brand image,
solidify organizational vision and mission, support functional
initiatives to grow revenue and strategically manage to achieve P&L goals
and objectives.
Professional Profile:
* Creative meets Print-Incorporated the imaginative, inventive qualities
  of the creative process to uncover the solutions and potential of print
  and web.
* Created new, innovative methods to demonstrate product capabilities
  that get noticed and capture audience attention.
* Resourceful project leader/mentor-excellent organization and teaching
  skills to lead a cohesive mix of talent to sell product benefits and
  increase company revenue. .
* Brand strategies/marketing communication-versatile/adaptable to know
  target audience and build brand recognition in every project
  delivered.
Work History:
Creative Services Consultant, Chicago/NW Suburbs; (2007-Present)
Created editorial, web, and catalog content and managed production for a
wide variety of clients.
* Managed marketing and public relations efforts for an upscale start-up
  candy and food products retailer. Currently writing provocative
  descriptions and photographing complete inventory to populate the
  company's inaugural ecommerce site.
* Researched and wrote news-based articles and creative content for
  web-based marketing company. Articles highlighted local news and
  issues, retail and commercial projects, parks and recreation updates,
  and more.
* Managed ad design, copy writing, catalog production, marketing,
  creative, communication, production, printing and circulation of a
  private school's largest fundraiser.

School Specialty Inc., Headquarters: Greenville, Wisconsin; (2002-2007)
Print Procurement/Creative Director-Division: Cary, Illinois
Manage marketing, creative, communication, production, printing and
circulation of
1000-page catalog, sale fliers, national ad campaigns and sales support
materials for School Specialty's Education Essentials Brand. Infused
cost-saving creative ideas to flagship division responsible for 55% of
overall corporate sales of $1.1 billion. Managed overall staff of 12.
Transferable skills include:
* Innovative/ Entrepreneurial -developed industry-first, ink jet
  technique with Quad Graphics in printing corporate logo on the head and
  foot of our catalogs for greater branding visibility.
* Fiscally Responsible/Cost Control-reduced catalog costs from the
  previous year by more than $1.1 million through greater print, paper,
  postage and production efficiencies.
* Managed Large Budget/P&L-responsible for $8 million marketing budget,
  hiring/firings, annual reviews, employee relations and job assignments
  for staff of marketing, promotional team, creative designers,
  copywriters, page productions artists, proofreaders and freelancers.
* Print Powerhouse-in-depth knowledge of direct-to-plate printing methods
  and intricacies of offset, rotogravure, sheet-fed, digital, and forms
  ranging from the largest to smallest printers.
* Worked With Top Management-negotiated $11 million annual paper purchase
  with CEO for the entire family of School Specialty companies saving
  over $1 million over life of contact.
* Improved Sales and Profits-increased flier sales by $2.5 million by
  changing the distribution focus from a solely sales
  representative-distributed flier to a direct mailed flier.
* Improved Customer Relations-initiated ink jet of customer account
  numbers to create a faster transaction time for customers and eliminate
  costly duplicate accounts in database.
* Problem Solver-used ink jet technology to personalize catalogs with
  sales rep name and phone numbers, reducing number of 4/C cover
  versions, plus eliminating the need for team of 350 reps to
  individually personalize their catalogs allowing greater face time with
  their customers.
* Cross Functional Support-developed sales communication and materials
  for national and regional sales teams providing sales representatives
  with a reason to stop in to see their customers.
* Project Management Experience-created and coordinated promotions for
  key vendors including Sanford, 3M, Crayola and Dixon to deliver product
  samples directly to customers.
* Increased Customer Base-created division's first approach to the B-to-C
  market with Teacher's Edition catalog opening the door for a potential
  3 million additional customers.
* Developed New Systems-conducted customer focus groups to understand how
  catalog and marketing materials are used on a daily basis and pinpoint
  improvements to make shopping easier.

Quill Corporation/Staples, Inc., Lincolnshire, Illinois; (1984-2002)
US/Europe Advertising Supervisor (1998 -2002)
Managed Quill's entrance into European catalog division with production
of an all-new, 500-page office product catalog followed by a prospect
sales flier to introduce Quill as a European supplier for the first time
ever to the United Kingdom. Once customer base was established, a
complete media plan was introduced including the production of monthly
customer fliers, school mailings, furniture catalogs, computer equipment
catalogs and second-hit sales material. Managed overall staff of 25.

* Directed Start Up-hired, trained and coached new staff to sell product
  that offices in the UK use everyday. Researched buying habits and
  tailored all advertising to conform to UK standards.
* Hands-on Management-proficient with all function of Quark, InDesign,
  Photoshop, Illustrator, Microsoft Office plus full copy writing and
  project management. Your complete creative resource!
* Lead Production Logistics-organized delivery of US-designed and
  produced marketing files for direct-to-plate printing to printer in
  York, UK conducting necessary press quality checks.
* Managed Complex Operation-teamed with merchandise vendors in US &
  Europe to assure accuracy of sales presentation. Managed and embraced
  differences in culture to bond strong working relationship with teams
  in the US and UK.
* Built Self-Sustaining Teams-successfully transferred production
  operation to Brussels, BE office with the goal of converting UK-Quill
  customers to the stronger UK-Staples brand without missing production
  schedule, mailing dates or sales disruption.
Proofreading Supervisor (1998)
* Quality Improvement-managed complete proofreading requirements for
  Quill catalog division. Gained greater efficiencies to operate with a
  lean staff but at no loss to the overall quality and salesmanship of
  the mailing.
* Overhauled Ineffective Methods-guided and trained team to stand in the
  customer's shoes by reviewing pages as if they were ordering product
  themselves. Coordinated cross-training with C/S team to listen in on
  customer calls and met monthly to get direct insight on problems
  catalog may create and resolve them so we would not lose a customer due
  to their inability to order.
Senior Copywriter/Project Manager/Creative Coordinator (1984-1998)
* Large Company Experience-created mailing programs for all of Quill's B
  to B products, including full-line catalogs, monthly sales fliers,
  magazine print ads and numerous solo mailings. Charged with taking a
  concept from start to finish directing creative, photography and
  writing.
* Enhanced Corporate Image-Created and produced Quill's most highly
  visible promotions including front covers, special sales and
  sweepstakes promotions, premium giveaways and institutional pages that
  set the tone for Quill's leadership in the office supply industry.
* Established New Standards-launched Quill's first focus ever into the
  schools market by coordinating production of a 20-page mailing from
  concept to printer within 15 business days.
* Creativity-designed and produced a very cost-effective, double bi-fold
  solo mailing on fireproof files resulting in a 66% revenue increase,
  breaking all existing company sales records.
Education:
Southern Illinois University, Bachelor of Science in Communications
(1978-1982)
Major:    Journalism [developed strong copy writing ability]
Minors:    Advertising, Marketing & Political Science
Community:
Leadership  --Trustee, Village of Wheeling. Corporate Authority
representing Wheeling in televised public hearings governing the adoption
or approval of ordinances, resolutions, motions, agreements,
appropriations and fiscal budgets for residential community of more than
42,000. Additionally charged with responsible leadership by critically
examining and regularly reviewing village policies, programs and
operations, assuming the role of community opinion leader and generating
public support for village programs and services. Regulate development
plans to raise the standards of the community and provide a better way of
life for both the residents and business community.