
Nital Lalit Kumar

                     Jersey City, NJ 07307 | +1-(201)-744- 3464 | nital_lp@yahoo.co.uk

DELIVERING SYSTEMS THAT CUSTOMERS APPRECIATE BY COLABORATING WITH ENGINEERS

Core Competencies

?   Value Based Health Care
?   InterPlan financial settlement
?   Requirement and gap analysis
?   Documenting BRD, TRD and
    process flows
?   Operations improvement and
    optimization
?   User research



Technologies

?   UML modeling
?   MS Visio
?   SQL
?   Business Process modelling
?   Statistical data analysis
    (JMP)
?   SharePoint
?   Tableau
?   MS Office




Horizon Blue Cross Blue
Shield of New Jersey |
Newark, NJ
Product Owner
Aug 2018 - Present




Consultant, Senior Business
Systems Analyst
Nov 2017 - Jul 2018




ZSL | Iselin, NJ
Client: Infineon Technologies

               CORE SKILLS


Dynamic and achievement-oriented Product Owner who has implemented systems on
a global scale for large MNC's by working alongside with developers. Challenged
existing processes to ensure maximum business value and efficiency to drive
customer satisfaction. Analyzed current market conditions, understood industry trends,
conducted feasibility analysis and recommended the most appropriate technical
solutions, leading them to implementation.


Strategy: Consistently contributed to strategic business direction through alignment of
technical needs and business objectives. This included significant development and
operational benefits through innovative solutions.

Business Case Development:       Obtained approval for a variety of business cases
including strategic planning, financial and risk assessment and option evaluation.

Customer Relationship Management:         Exceed internal customer requirements at
global sites and delivered processes exceeding customer expectations.

Analytical skills:  Visualized and articulated complex technical issues to higher
management proposing sound solutions, and leading them to implementation.

Excellent communication and interpersonal skills:       Conveyed ideas in structured
and concrete manner to all levels of management and team members across sites.

      PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

* Owned and led technical product roadmap for Value Based Program Delivery
  Platform supporting BCBSA National Programs Release. Planned releases around
  BCBSA set implementation timelines ensuring Horizon was mandate compliant at
  all times.
* Collaborated with BCBSA SME's, internal business stakeholders and technical
  teams to establish a technical vision for Horizon and prioritized items for releases.
* Led the expansion of Value Based Program Delivery Platform to include Federal
  Employee Program (FEP) supporting seamless financial settlement with FEP in the
  upcoming releases.
* Supported and prioritized postproduction issues. Closely worked with the technical
  teams to understand and analyze issues and impacted areas. Held weekly team
  meetings with key stakeholders to review issue status and identify risks.
* Commissioned first ever end to end dashboard reporting capability on Tableau for
  process monitoring with high level summary and detailed views of overall program
  health for all business stakeholders.

* Thoroughly reviewed BCBSA requirements and milestones for each upcoming
  release. Spearheaded gap analysis and impact assessment for enhancements to
  internal systems and clearly documented the BRD and process flows; reviewed test
  cases and results enabling smooth implementation.
* SME and key contact for overall Value Based Program Delivery Platform Application
  support prioritizing issues and ensuring smooth execution in production.

* Managed system integration, upgrades, enhancements, and modifications that
  seamlessly integrated polymer supplier information from new vendor into existing
  manufacturing system.

Consultant, Senior Business             * Planned and led deployment activities that enabled a smooth transition to include a
Analyst                                   third polymer vendor expanding the supplier base giving flexibility to cater for
Oct 2012 - Jan 2013                       fluctuations in demand.
                                        * Analyzed, prioritize and resolved post production issues which effectively increased
                                          production yield of products utilizing polymers.

TRUE Mentors | Hoboken, NJ              * Performed competitor analysis, cost analysis, and studied end user demands to
User Experience Business Analyst          improve the navigation and information architecture of the TRUE Mentors website.
Jun 2011 - Sept 2012                    * Documented clear Business requirements for search criteria specifications;
                                          Interviewed development team to gather technical details and set project milestone
                                          for timely deployment.
                                        * Worked closely with business owners, designers, and developers to deliver
                                          schematics, wireframes, and mock-ups. Assisted in user acceptance testing
                                          delivering an enhanced and improved the website, which increased the overall user
                                          experience resulting in higher number of hits on the TRUE Mentors website.

UNESCO, George Town World               * Negotiated funding from corporate sponsors and government, and brought together
Heritage | Malaysia                       a variety of businesses and industries to one shared objective of building a stronger
User Experience Business Analyst          Arts community in George Town.
Oct 2009 - Jan 2011                     * Utilized strong communications skills to defined goals and business requirements
                                          through stakeholder and sponsor interviews to document concise BRD and TRD.
                                        * Conducted user acceptance testing promoting smooth deployment and launched
                                          user centered festival website that attracted an audience of over 600,000 people,
                                          including tourists from over 42 countries and establish powerful brand identities.

Intel Corporation | Malaysia            * Led process discovery and development of microchips for delivery to High-Volume
Senior Process Development                Manufacturing sites globally that helped Intel capture larger market share in the
Engineer                                  mobile PC segment.
Jan 2007 - Sept 2009                    * Performed competitor analysis and cost analysis, and studied customer demands
                                          to create next generation process to meet ever-rising customer expectations at a
                                          manageable cost to stay competitive. The new process had the shortest cycle time,
                                          which effectively reduced production cost.
                                        * Led joint development team (consisting of materials and equipment suppliers and
                                          cross functional teams within Intel Malaysia and USA) to create process solutions
                                          for new customer requirements. The performance of the process resulted in new
                                          client acquisitions.
                                        * Conducted budget and headcount planning, business forecasting, and inventory
                                          analysis. Prioritized development activities for manufacturing activities utilizing six
                                          sigma principles to deliver on time and in budget solutions.

Process Development Engineer            * Developed process models based on key process indicators from previous
Sept 2005 - Dec 2006                      technology to allow better prediction of changes in process for different products
                                          reducing new product integration time.
                                        * Championed Statistical Process Control and design of experiments in my peer
                                          group. Transferred a fully automated production process complying with six-sigma
                                          methodology utilizing JMP, which allowed excellent process control and significantly
                                          reduced time to solve production issues.

                                                       OTHER WORK

Jersey Toastmasters                     * Maintained and managed club website and designed promotional materials for
VP Public Relations | 2015 - 2017         events. Led and organized club events.
IIBA NJ Chapter                         * Participated in regular study group activities and events to keep abreast of upcoming
Member | 2014 - 2016                      technology trends.
ARTS ~ ED (NPO, Malaysia)               * Conducted research for UNESCO on local traditional children games and studied
Research Coordinator | 2010               the impact of traditional games on the local society.

                                                        EDUCATION

School of Visual Arts | 2012            * Summer Intensive in Interaction Design
Malaysia Uni of Sci & Tech | 2005       * Master of Science in Biotechnology
University of Bath UK | 2002            * Bachelor of Engineering in Chemical & Bio Process Engineering