
Brian D. Beaver
477 Ironhorse Dr Delaware * Delaware OH 43015 * C: 937-708-6632 *
brian26ng@hotmail.com

Contracting Specialist/Contracting Officer
Procurement / Acquisition / Construction
Over four years of consistently achieving superior performance levels and
contracting excellence.  Handpicked by senior Military leaders for
warranted contract positions and leadership position during high tempo
deployment as a Contracting Officer, while being put in challenging
positions and recognized for outstanding accomplishments each time.  A
visionary and skilled leader in analyzing difficult tasks while using
available resources, establishing and executing the critical path's to
success.  Reputation for unyielding integrity, exceptionally strong worth
ethic, insightful problem solving and decision making to achieve desired
results with diverse personnel from varied ethnic, cultural, educational
and experience backgrounds.  Currently hold a Secret Security Clearance.
Additional skills and experiences include:
Team Building/ Team Leader   Risk Prevention              Budget
Preparation/ Execution
Contracting team lead        Program Coordination         Quality
Assurance/ Control
Contracting NCOIC            Property Accountability      Training
Project Management           Sub/Contracting Management   International
Travel


EXPERIENCE OVERVIEW

Contract Specialist, United States Property and Fiscal Officer Purchase
and Contracting Office, Beightler Armory, OH 2008 - Present
Leading the organization to implement best practices to achieve and
ensure continuous improvement for the highest product quality and
reliability while ensuring cost savings and future capacity. Going the
extra mile to ensure customer and vendor satisfaction. Understand and
have worked every position in my office, from Service contracts exceeding
two million to Construction projects that exceed twenty million. Have
extensive knowledge in commodity buys from GSA to Fed Biz Ops.
Understand life cycle contracting from Pre-award, Award, Post Award
through closing the contract out.

* Counsel State, Federal and Military personnel from the highest levels
  on Fiscal and Contract law.
* Execute Construction, Services, and Commodities contracts from cradle
  to grave.
*  Train new employees on PD2 and office procedures.
* Set up and run construction kick off meetings, progress meetings,
  closeouts and final walk through.
* Work with Program Managers to help them allocate and execute obligation
  funds in the system.
* Have good working knowledge of FAR and DFAR.
* Credit card Holder/Check Holder
* Participate in and lead negotiations for Construction, Services and
  Commodities up to and over twenty  million dollars
* Handle Contract Closeout
Contracting Officer NCOIC of the Contingency Contracting Team, Ohio Army
National Guard, 2008-Present Rank: E7
First Contracting member of a specialized contracting team developed to
support the war effort while also supporting the Homeland Response Force.
Put together training plans, background checks, and interviews of
potential soldiers to become members of the 8 person Contingency
Contracting Team. Designed and implemented a robust training plan and
mentoring program to enable the rapid growth of new team members which
has enabled the proficiency of all contracting officers on the team.

* First soldier to hold the Military Occupational Specialty (MOS) of 51C
  Contracting in the State of Ohio.
* Support the United States Property and Fiscal Office on drill weekend
  with contract actions and closeouts
* Train with the Active Duty Army Contracting Commands ACC and ECC around
  the country during training events

Contracting Officer NCOIC of the Contingency Contracting Team, Deployed
to Iraq and Qatar, in Support of Operations NEW DAWN and ENDURING FREEDOM
2011-2012
Deployed  and in charge as the NCO in Charge of the largest Regional
Contracting Command in Iraq with over 60 people and One billion dollars
in contract actions. Conducted evaluations, negotiations of price and
terms and conditions for eighty seven contracts in just over seven weeks;
totaling over one million dollars which provided vital capability to
operational troops in Iraq and Afghanistan.  Established, monitor, and
succeeded operational budget and approved operating expenses to support
all mission essential tasks. Warranted for Five Million Dollars.
* Managed the largest Field Ordering system in Iraq with over 250
  soldiers. Trained, monitored, counseled and terminated soldiers
* Closed out over 750,000 worth of contracts at Victory Base, while
  supporting the Department of State footprint.
* Was selected over 30 of my peers to be one of the first Contracting
  Officers in the Theater Contracting Command Qatar. Personally trained a
  Major and a Sergeant First Class, acting as my Contract specialist
  while signing contracts for everyone in the Command.

Lead Contracting Officer, Homeland Response Force, Ohio Army National
Guard, 2008-Present

Mission Statement
HRF-OH, on order, will respond to a CBRNE incident and support local,
state, and federal agencies, managing the consequences of the event by
providing capabilities to conduct casualty search & extraction, medical
triage and decontamination.

   * Lead Contract Officer on the Ohio Army National Guard Homeland
     Response force.
   * Ohio was the first state to pass mission capable evaluation,
     validation 2011, and re-validated 2011
   * Provided all contract support for the mission and the exercise with
     first time GO's on every task

Supply Technician, United States Property and Fiscal Office, Ohio
National Guard, Feb, 2003-December 2008

* Developed and create a recycling program for the Ohio National Guard,
  maintained budget and chaired a committee.
* Ran program that tracked and refurbished historical military property
  that is spread out throughout the state of Ohio.
* Made credit card purchases on small items under three thousand dollars
* Was the Contract Officer Representative on a project that took almost
  two years and was in upwards of two million dollars


EDUCATION

Civilian
Master in Project Management, Keller University
Current
Bachelors of Business Administration Devry University/Concentration in
Contracting            2010

 Military
 Defense Acquisition University
 Certification Level 2 Contracting                                 2013
 Certification Level 1 Contracting


NOTABLES
Joint Service Commendation Medal                              Army
Achievement Medal - Awarded Two Times

Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal                  Two
Deployments to Iraq, Kuwait, Qatar

AVAILABLE DOCUMENTS UPON REQUEST

Performance Record, Citation, and Award Documents

Level 1 and 2 Certificates

Bachelor of Business Administration Degree