
MARY ELLEN PEARSON
    101 Pinehurst Drive *   Follansbee, WV  26037* m.pearson825@comcast.net
  Home (304) 527-4340    Cell (304) 670-1865

To use my administrative and customer service skills to be
a solid addition to a team and an individual
contributor for the benefit of your company.

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
Ability to multi-task
Preparing monthly & quarterly taxes
Experience in customer care and account managing
Experience in running trainings for employment
Travel/meeting coordination
Project and program support
Complete payroll
Manage multiple high priority assignments
Develop solutions to challenging business problems
Experience with software programs such as
money, quickens, quick books, word, excel, power point, adobe.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Barone Insurance Agency    May 2008-Present
Responsible for payroll, monthly & quarterly taxes, insurance quotes, answering phones,
dictation, bank reconciliationn, collection of payments, backup computer system.
The Market Connect Group- Field Merchandiser    2005-Present
Representing a variety of accessories and
clothing manufacturers, provide monthly service in
major mass and specialty stores.
Merchandiser responsibilities include but are not limited to:
 filling fixtures from back stock,
 maintaining plan-o-gram presentation, inventory, setting up
new fixtures, establishing relationships with store personnel and maintaining 100%
completion rate. The Werner Company -Territory Manager    2006-2007
Responsible for my territory which included
34 stores located in Northern WV, Western PA,
Eastern Ohio.   Responsible for the training
of the Lowe's associates on product knowledge,
complete  grand opening events and complete
training on new store openings  distribute point of
purchase material, maintaining stock levels,
completing cycle counts, processing returns on damage
and manufactured defects.
Maintain the sales levels and increase growth throughout the territory.
Dedicated Hardware Group -Regional Manager    2003-2005
Responsible for territory that consisted of
47 stores in Northern WV, Western PA, Eastern OH and
 Western NY.  Responsible for the coaching,
 motivation and training of 22-25 territory managers,
recruit, hire and train for my region, act
as a liaison between DHG and Lowe's visiting all stores
within the region on a monthly rotation basis track projects and survey assignments via
spreadsheets, order and distribute point of purchase materials, process returns on
damage products.
National Vendor Services- Territory Rep. or Service Rep.    2000-2003
Responsible for working independently and
calling on Lowe's Home Improvement Centers on a
weekly basis to service products of 40+
companies.  Maintain stock Levels, complete resets, dust,
clean maintain cross merchandised items and
stack-outs, plan-o-gram integrity, promotional
activities and displays, completing cycle
counts and working in conjunction with the department
manager,  order, receive and install all
point of purchase materials an process all damage or
defective returns in RTM cage.
Housekeeping by Mary -Account Executive/Owner    1995-2000
 Supervise nine business accounts and
 twenty-two personal home accounts.  Schedule employees
to correspond with assignment schedules.  Supervise accounts receivable and payroll.
Tepco Construction Inc-Account Executive    1989-1992
Responible for the development and the implementation of the advertising and marketing
program.   Worked on the layout and
placement of the ads focusing on the Markets best suited for
our focus group of customers.
Schedule appointments and estimates, prepared estimates and
presented complete estimates to the customers.
Michael J. Pipo, DDS -Office Clerk    1988-1989
Maintaining scheduling of appointments,
billing procedures, collection of payments, filing and
 completing  insurance forms, daily balance sheets, bank deposits and computer entry.
Big Tee Family Restaurant -Assistant Manager    1985-1988
Responsible for interviewing, hiring, and
training new employees, daily cash receipts, ordering,
inventory control, time cards, payroll,
scheduling, keeping costs within projected percentage
guidelines and monthly balance sheets.

REFERENCES UPON REQUEST