
JANAE COFFMAN

           CUSTOMER SERVICE

                      CONTACT
                            EMAIL:
        janaemarie22@gmail.com

                           PHONE:
                    (360) 430-4767

                         ADDRESS:
     2721 48th Ave Longview, WA,
                             98632

                  EDUCATION
           FASHION INSTITUTE OF
       MERCHANDISE MARKETING
                   Los Angeles, CA
Merchandise Marketing Marketing
                        (Mar 2005)

      ADDITIONAL SKILLS
         Proficient computer skills
         including Microsoft Office
             applications required
   Medical billing and coding ICD-
                10/CPT knowledge

CAREER OBJECTIVE
Hard-working professional with 14.5+ years of experience and a proven
knowledge of customer service, staff training and development, and
workflow prioritization. Aiming to leverage my skills to successfully fill
the Customer service role at your company.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Office Coordinator
PeaceHealth, Longview, WA / Mar 2011 - Present
 * Answer telephones and direct calls to appropriate staff.
 * Schedule and confirm patient diagnostic appointments, surgeries,
   or medical consultations.
 * Greet visitors, ascertain purpose of visit, and direct them to
   appropriate staff.
 * Operate office equipment, such as voice mail messaging systems,
   and use word processing, spreadsheet, or other software
   applications to prepare reports, invoices, financial statements,
   letters, case histories, or medical records.
 * Complete insurance or other claim forms.
 * Transmit correspondence or medical records by mail, e-mail, or fax.
 * Maintain medical records, technical library, or correspondence files.

Department Manager
Nordstrom, Portland, OR / Sep 2005 - Jun 2011
 * Provide customer service by greeting and assisting customers, and
   responding to customer inquiries and complaints.
 * Direct and supervise employees engaged in sales, inventory-taking,
   reconciling cash receipts, or in performing services for customers.
 * Monitor sales activities to ensure that customers receive
   satisfactory service and quality goods.
 * Instruct staff on how to handle difficult and complicated sales.
 * Hire, train, and evaluate personnel in sales or marketing
   establishments, promoting or firing workers when appropriate.
 * Plan and prepare work schedules and keep records of employees'
   work schedules and time cards.
 * Establish and implement policies, goals, objectives, and procedures
   for their department.
 * Plan and coordinate advertising campaigns and sales promotions,
   and prepare merchandise displays and advertising copy.

REFERENCES
References available upon request


