
Andres Rios
2205 Larchmont Rd
Jacksonville, FL 32207
(910) 299-2480
arios6874@gmail.com

Qualifications
* Self-driven with a superior aptitude for learning
* Excellent organizational skills with the ability to multi-task effortlessly
* Results oriented innovator
* Superb written and verbal communication skills in English and Spanish
* Able to work with computers while embracing and adapting to new forms of technology
* PIT equipment certified

Education
Mott Haven Village Preparatory High School | Bronx, New York, 2007-2011

Experience
Group Leader | American Eagle Outfitters DC - Hazleton, PA      10/2018 - Current
Gained knowledge in the Picking and Receiving departments using functions and software such as PKMS,
COFE, COGNOS Reporting and Excel to help navigate daily responsibilities and goals, as well as
organizing detailed data for all shifts.
Monitored the flow of work throughout the warehouse to ensure a streamlined process in which daily
and weekly goals were met or exceeded, as well as indentifying and targeting areas in need of
assistance/improvement through precise tracking of daily operations.
Implemented new minimum expectations for Merchandise Processors and Material Handlers to enhance
performance across all shifts.
Created a harmonious work environment by building positive relationships with floor associates as
well as other group leaders/supervisors.
Planned, organized and directed the structure of a Warehouse Associates' daily tasks and production
with a team including up to 200 associates during our peak holiday season.
Used the KRONOS timeclock system to assure proper attendance, associate accountability when clocking
into a function and monitoring of associate PTO and attendance points.
Mentored and helped develop associates who displayed a desire to grow within the company.
Planned and held meetings to provide conflict resolution within departments and with our leadership
team.

Operations Analyst | American Eagle Outfitters DC - Hazleton, PA  09/2016 - 10/2018
Updated the transportation log consistently to ensure quality of incoming/outgoing trailers.
Prioritized inventory placement according to live date. (i.e. extracting and staging future floor
sets)
Utilized diversified system reports (Vendor Compliance, COFE, WM/PKMS, Tradestone, Work Order,
I.I.A.)
Performed audits on incoming merchandise while working directly with our inventory and Quality
Assurance teams.
Maintained daily communication with Group Leaders and Supervisors across departments and shifts.

Merchandise Processor | American Eagle Outfitters DC - Hazleton, PA 06/2015 - 09/2016
Subject matter expert in the Picking, Retail and DTC (Direct to consumer) departments.
Operated and maintained the Accutech machine (An automatic filling and sealing machine designed for
cycling customer orders at a high rate of speed).
Entrusted to oversee the flow throughout the production floor and mezzanines (including fixing
conveyors jammed with product and resolving inbound and outbound sorter issues.)

Outbound Warehouse Associate | Amazon Fulfillment Center - Hazleton, PA      02/2014 - 04/2015
Pick, pack and ship customer orders in a productive and effective manner.
Receive products using a radio frequency scanner.
Learn and adhere to strict safety, quality and production standards.

Parts Manager | Reed-Lallier Cherolet - Fayetteville, NC      06/2013 - 12/2013
Maintained a balanced inventory consistent with the requirements of the Service Department and body
shop.
Ensures all returned or warranty parts are properly tagged in order to recover full credit from the
factory.
Ensured technicians are adequately supplied with all parts and materials as needed.
Oversees purchasing of supplies & materials for the Service Department.
Seeks out new vendors and suppliers while manufacturing and negotiating terms and pricing for
greater profitability.
Works with Operations and Service Managers to ensure a timely turnaround of parts needed for
internal jobs.