
Nilesh Jadhav

Washington D.C. Metro Area
Software Developer at Freddie Mac


Summary

Experienced Software Engineer and technology enthusiast with a demonstrated history of working in
the software industry. I like exploring new tools and technologies and incorporating them in solving
the real world problems to help the end users of the application achieve an excellence in their
domain.
Graduated with Master of Science (MS) in Computer Science major from State University of New
York at Binghamton in May 18.


As a software developer I am enthusiastic to work with new tools and technology, elegant in code and
design, minimal with resources and time, and always delighted to work in a pack!


Worked with C, Java, Spring, Hibernate, JavaScript, jQuery, HTML, CSS, XML, Angular 2, ASP.NET,
C#.NET, MS SQL Server, Android Development, RDBMS, MySQL, Oracle 9i/10g, Apache Solr,
Apache Tomcat, Apache Lucene, Apache Hive, Apache Hadoop, Apache Mahout, Apache Hive,
Google Analytics, Flurry Analytics, Countly Analutics, AWS S3, EC2, RDS, , GCP, Kubernetes,
Docker containerization, Jenkins CI, Version One.


3.5 years of work experience as a Software Engineer in Larsen and Toubro(L&T) Infotech. Received
multiple awards and recognition during this tenure.


Good understanding of Front end, Middle ware and Backed web Development,Web Services,Object
Oriented Programming, Design Patterns, Agile Development and Quality Assurance.


Fully aware of Development Life Cycle,from project initiation until design, implementation and testing.


An optimistic, motivated, responsible and team player with good communication skills.


Email : njadhav2020[at]gmail[dot]com


Experience

Software Developer at Cognizant
August 2018 - Present      (7 months)




  * Developed a project in Java, Spring boot and REST to implement retrofit functionality.
  * Used SonarQube to monitor code quality and SonarLint eclipse plugin to detect and fix quality
  issues during coding.
  * Developed software application using Java, J2EE, Spring, Maven, XML, Javascript, Jenkins.
  * Programmed unit test cases using Junit, Mockito and Power mockito.
  * Following Scaled Agile Framework SAFe and agile methodologies to ensure quality deliverables
  as per business requirements.
  * Handling the project in all stages of SDLC such as requirement gathering, design, coding, testing
  and deployment.
  * Developed and maintained code bases using Git.

Software Developer at Freddie Mac
August 2018 - Present      (7 months)

Research Intern at Department of Computer Science at Binghamton University
June 2018 - August 2018       (3 months)

ITS Consultant - PODS at Binghamton University
February 2017 - May 2018       (1 year 4 months)
  * Assisted university wide printing operations which prints approximately 13 million prints per
    academic year.
  * Assisted students in software/hardware related queries in printing operations.
  * Performed Software as well as Hardware maintenance on the Xerox 46xx and 6600 model
  * Trained/enabled new associates for the ITS Student Assistant role.

Software Engineer at L&T Infotech
February 2013 - June 2016       (3 years 5 months)
  * Contributed to the web application development for the commercial insurance policy decisions
  suite.
  * The application quoted/issued 500 million policies per year to the end client, a top 10 fortune
  company in the commercial insurance business.
  * Programmed enhancements to the existing application.
  * The application used for quoting, issuing and renewing the policies, and to perform various
  transactions like change endorsements, void, cancellation etc.
  * Solved production critical programming issues for the end client operations.
  * Implemented search engine to search the policies and scheduled them in a bulk for common
  transaction type processing.
  * Made a detailed study and programmed a utility for importing the the Vehicle information from
    flat files to Relational database to ensure the continuity and compatibility when the data migration
    was done for all Auto insurance policies across the North American region.
  * Successfully implemented automation for Schedule Mods screen to avail a single page solution




   for editing countrywide Schedule mods.
  * Designed and developed/programmed, debugged and unit tested solutions for the business
  requirements.

Project Engineer at e-Zest Solutions
August 2012 - February 2013       (7 months)
  * Contributed to the development of various short term projects for fortune 500 companies.
  * Contributed to the projects as a part of Research and Development team, exploring various open
    source platforms, tools and utilities to improve existing product/application efficiencies against
  the
    traditional processes/architectures.
  * Successfully implemented Naive Bayes classifier algorithm for categorizing the legal case
    judgement documents and used the same algorithm to search the new input against the relevant
  cases in the categorized database.
  * Implemented sentiment analysis engine on twitter data for the client portfolio user base to
    derive the feedback and display it on a dashboard.


Education
Thomas J. Watson school of Engineering and Applied Science
Master of Science (MS), Computer Science, 2016 - 2018
Activities and Societies: Played a major role as a Student Assistant helping students in printing
operations.
University of Pune
Bachelor of Engineering - BE, Computer Engineering, 2008 - 2012
Activities and Societies: Co-ordination between the departments for Recruitment process, managed
and organized various college/departmental events. Actively participated in study tours, college
symposium and quiz programs.




Nilesh Jadhav

Washington D.C. Metro Area
Software Developer at Freddie Mac




1 person has recommended Nilesh

  "Nilesh has worked with me for 3 plus years. He is technically very sound and is always keen
  and observant to learn more and more. He has very good knowledge and his problem solving
  skill is amazing. Best part of Nilesh is he is very responsible and process oriented. Also, he never
  compromises on the standards while delivering. For me, working with Nilesh was a great and
  enriching experience."

  -Ninad Kulkarni, Business Consultant, L&T Infotech, worked with Nilesh at L&T Infotech



Profile Notes and Activity (4)

  8/28/2018-InMail sent by Bobby Hite ({1})

  1/10/2019-InMail sent by Michael Saldi ({1})

  2/5/2019-InMail sent by Dan Caton ({1})

  2/7/2019-InMail sent by Michael Saldi ({1})

