
MAISHA L. TATE
CAREER OBJECTIVE:
    Administrative Support / Customer Service

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS:
    Creative problem solver, efficiently manage priorities and deadlines,
    working independently
    and collaboratively, ability to impart information clearly and
    effectively to customers and
    coworkers, willing to teach others and eager to develop new
    abilities.
    Exceptional ability to coordinate stressful situations calmly and
    competently, able to utilize
    active listening skills when assessing needs of others, displaying
    flexibility and adaptability to
    change, experience working with people of varying cultural and
    socio-economic backgrounds.
    Competency analyzing data, designing databases, spreadsheets,
    websites and forms,
    compiling reports, maintaining hard copy and electronic filing
    systems, accurately recording
    and composing meeting/ teleconference minutes, demonstrating skillful
    written and verbal
    communication abilities.
    Accomplished in Microsoft Operating Systems, Microsoft Office Suite,
    including: Outlook,
    Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Publisher and Frontpage; MS Project,
    Visio, SharePoint
    Workspace, Snagit, Raiser's Edge, OpenOffice, and typing 50 wpm.
    Well versed with scanning technology, projectors, word processors,
    FAX machines, and
    multi-line telephones.


EDUCATION/ PROFESSIONAL
TRAINING:
B.S. Business Administration                         CSUF -Fresno, CA
December/2003
Emphasis on Information Systems

Customer Service Certification         The Workforce Collaborative,
Oakland, CA         August/2014

National Retail Federation (NRF)
PROFESSIONAL WORK
EXPERIENCE:
Accounts Receivable Analyst
March/2015 - October/2015

Western & Southern Life - Oakland, CA
*   Duties include providing consistent customer service to clients and
    Financial Representatives;
    researching and following up on telephone and in-person inquiries by
    clients, and internal
    customers. Daily tasks include answering incoming telephone calls
    from internal/external
    customers, distributing mail, providing agent references, and
    processing payments.
*   Daily process accounting transactions, maintain and balance the field
    office financial records,
    and cash on hand.
    *   Accept/process all deposits from Financial Representatives, by
    mail and in-person payments
    from policyholders.
    *   Complete policy transactions, performing essential data-entry
    functions; reviewing and
    validating output to ensure accuracy and preparing necessary forms
    for delivery to clients
    and/or the appropriate department(s).
    *   Assist in conservation efforts by contacting policyholders by
    telephone and mail as necessary.
    Clerk I
    September/2014 -March/2015

 County of Alameda, Social Services Agency, ISD - Oakland, CA
 *   Successes include creating a website, web forms, slideshows,
    spreadsheets, creating website
 demonstration, developed JavaScript to initiate form responses (i.e. to
 generate alerts, email
 distributions and updating spreadsheets). Recorded, reviewed and
 facilitated VOX recordings
 for telephone prompts
 *   Tested software applications, website functionality, assisted with
    application design, developed
 end-user procedures/manuals, mock training modules and notation, updated
 web forms and
 online notifications
 *   Event planning, scheduling, general clerical duties including:
    planning and organizing priorities
 and workload, corresponding and completing tasks via e-mail

(Part-time) July/2012 - Present
 Office Manager (Part-time, Volunteer-basis)                 (Full-time)
 February/2010 -July/2012

 Maxwell 54, LLC - Oakland, CA
 *   Established this and another partnership, designed Property
    Management database in
 Microsoft Access producing Tenant and Client correspondence (e.g.
 invoices, account
 statements/notifications), tracks repair and maintenance projects,
 vendor information,
 advertising, processing accounts payable and receivable.
 *   Maintains records in Access and Excel, compose and file all
    contracts, deeds, financial
 statements, and tax filings. As a consultant/contractor, data entry and
 accounting for clients.

 Assistant to Advancement Director
 August/2014 - September/2014

 Position with OfficeTeam, Oakland, CA at Starr King School for the
 Ministry - Berkeley, CA
 *   Performed data entry in Raiser's Edge, edited and prepared gift
     acknowledgement letters for
     donors. Entered gifts into Raiser's Edge, processed payments using
     the database and
     prepared letters for mailings and gift acknowledgements.
     *   Other accomplished tasks included: batched payments,
     consolidated and organizing hard
     copies of past reports, literature and promotional materials. I
     performed filing, photocopying,
     and scanning as necessary.

 Administrative Assistant
 July/2012 -August/2013

 Masonic Homes of California/Masons of California- San Francisco, CA
 *   Assisted with implementation of Raiser's Edge data conversion.
    Supported staff of six with
 filing, mailings, performed data entry and constituent research,
 produced reports as needed,
 and cross-checked output using MS Excel, Raiser's Edge, hard files and
 electronic files.
 *   Handled complete processing of scholarship applications, award
    letters and distributions,
 legacy and donation gift acknowledgement letters, and promotional
 materials, corresponding
 with scholarship applicants, awardees and potential recipients as
 needed.

Administrative Assistant
March/2008 - October/2009

 California Transplant Donor Network - Oakland, CA
 *   Liaised for Tissue Banks and Hospital Recording staff, updated and
    provided reports on
 donor/patient status and death logs. Researched/updated patient cases,
 produced outcome
 reports, contacting Tissue Banks and necessary staff as needed.
 *   Maintained contracts between Hospitals and Agency.
    Designed/maintained MS Access
 database tracking partner hospitals, hospital contracts and pertinent
 contact information.
 *   Provided technical assistance to department staff, such as
    electronic file transfers, file
 searches, e-mail, and word processing functions.