
717 Echodale Drive
Charlotte, NC
(704)910-1865
Jonesiiif32@gmail.com
FLEMING E. JONES, III


OBJECTIVE

Seeking a Challenging, responsible, and rewarding position that offers
opportunity for growth and professional advancement.

EMPLOYMENT
April 2013 to Present
                              Small Engine Repair & Lawncare

Responsible for repairing different pieces of equipment, Lawnmowers, weed
eaters, blowers etc.Making sure all items are in good working condition.
Lawn care consisted of me doing various jobs such as cutting grass, weed
eating, trimming brushes, and blowing leaves, also landscaping.

March 2009 to December 2012
WALKER & ZANGER Charlotte, NC
                            Shipping Receiving Clerk

 Responsible for receiving shipments from company warehouses, vendors,
 also entering transfer numbers in system and filling paperwork. Was in
 charge of making sure product and orders were put in locations as listed
 in the system. Assisted in other duties, Loading and unloading trucks.

March 2002 to December 2008
ASSET RECOVERY SPECIALIST, NC

Warehouse Clerk

Managing small warehouse, duties included shipping and receiving, also
checking in various pieces of equipment. Assisted in packing items
shipped out UPS, FedEx, DHL, and Freight. Performed duties building
crates for equipment also decks in containers to go overseas.

September 1996 to December 2001                                   ICCA,
Fortmill South Carolina

Lead Print Press Operator

Responsible for supervising 5 employees, pulling and filling all daily
printing plates and transcribing complete jobs. Assisted Supervisors with
retrieving lost production reports.

January 1994 to July 1996
Harris Teeter, Charlotte, Nc          Customer Service/Cashier

 Interacting with customers on a daily bases, taking care of returns,
 phone calls and complaints. Responsible for counting and distributing
 tills to employees. Also help in varies departments when needed.

EDUCATION

South Mecklenburg High School 1994           Charlotte, North Carolina

REFERENCES UPON REQUEST