
Andrew R. Faraci
535 Haverhill Street
Rowley, MA 01969
978-430-7471
Andrew.R.Faraci@gmail.com


Objective
    I am relocating to the Lexington, Kentucky area and am seeking a
    position that would allow me to expand my experience in the clerical
    and administrative medical field. My current experience in the
    medical industry has provided me with knowledge that enables me to
    work at the highest standard of quality and ethics. Further, my
    experience in the administrative and customer service industries have
    prepared me to not only work in a variety of challenging situations,
    but to also strive and maintain a high level of customer satisfaction
    at the same time.

Relevant Skills
         * Experience and familiarity with the clerical medical
           industry.
         * Experience with relations between providers, hospitals,
           colleges, and insurance networks.
         * Familiarity with HIPPA laws and practices.
         * Ability to type at 90 words per minute.
         * Familiarity with office software such as Microsoft Office and
         Outlook.
         * Friendly and professional personality that can adapt to any
         situation as needed.
         * Professional work ethic that enjoys taking on new and
         challenging work.
         * Highly adaptive and able to manage challenges on the fly.
         * Customer oriented.

Other Notable Skills
         * Twelve years of writing experience in various formats, both
           personal and professional.

Work History
Wellpoint Healthcare, Andover, Massachusetts - Credentialing Specialist,
2006 - Current
    Provider, Corporate, and Hospital relations, provider database
    reconciliation, provider file management, data entry
H&R Block, Middleton, Massachusetts - Administrative Assistant,
2003-2008
    Scheduling, phone service, office maintenance, computer
    troubleshooting, file maintenance
Blockbuster Video, Rowley, Massachusetts - Customer Service
Representative, 2001-2005
    Cashing out / balancing tills, stocking, promotions
    Agawam Diner, Rowley, Massachusetts - Cashier, 1999 - 2008
    Customer relations, seating, cashing out / balancing till

Education
Triton Regional High School, Newbury, Massachusetts 1996 - 2000
    Notable Courses Taken: Computer Programming, British Literature, East
    Asian Sociology, African Sociology
New England Community College, Haverhill, Massachusetts 2002-2003
    Notable Courses Taken: British Literature, Creative Writing,
    Screenwriting, Ancient Culture Studies