
QUALIFICATIONS Over fifteen years of experience in the Medical/Health
care field. Proven ability to work independently, equally effective as a
team player. Bilingual: fluent in English and Spanish.


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Encompass Home Health 09/2011-present. Field LVN/Community Care
Coordinator. Serve as liasion with local Assisted Living Facility.
Provide direct nursing care to homebound patients, working under Case
Manager. Report to Case Manager/Branch Director.

Garden Estates of Temple 08/2010 - 09/2011 Assisted Living Director As
Assisted Living Director manage the day to day operation of the AL
program, direct and supervise Caregivers and Medication Aides. Report to
Executive Director. Provide support for residents/families, coordination
of care with Physicians, Home Health Agencies, Discharge Planners/Social
Workers; hire/interview and conduct orientation of AL department staff.

Bethesda Home Health 2009 - 2010 CBA staffing coordinator/QA-Clinical
coordinator for Medicare clients As a staffing coordinator responsible
for the hiring and training of personal care attendants who provided
assistance with ADL's to our CBA clients. As a QA-Clinical coordinator,
work directly under the supervision of the Director of Nurses. Provide
clinical support for field and office staff, coordination of care with
other disciplines and conduct audits to assure quality of care,
elaboration and coordination of weekly schedule.

Girling Home Health 2008 - 2009 As a Patient Care Associate work directly
under the Supervision of the Assistant Director of Nurses and manage a
case load of 60+ patients. Provide coordination of care among all
disciplines involved as well as provide clinical support for both nursing
and office staff.

Hill Country Home Health 2006 - 2008 QA LVN and Patient Care Coordinator.
Work under direct supervision of Director of Nurses. Provide clinical
support for nursing and office staff, elaborate and coordinate weekly
schedule for all disciplines involved, conduct audits of patient's charts
for both clinical and billing purposes, maintain Infection Control Log,
Hospital and services on hold log.

Odyssey Healthcare 2005 - 2006 Work directly under Case Manager(s).
Provide direct palliative care to hospice patients, through our
Continuous Care Program.

Auxi Health Care 2004 - 2005 Provide direct nursing care for homebound
patients. Working directly under Case Manager and following Plan of
treatment perform interventions such as: medication administration, wound
care, collection of blood and body fluids, change G-tubes and catheters,
IV therapy, provide patient and family/caregiver education.

Bell County Jail 1998 -2001/ 2002 - 2004 Work directly under Medical
Director. Provide medical attention to inmates assigned to our facility.
Promote control of infectious diseases, medication administration,
clinical assessment and evaluation of medical complaints. Act as liaison
to service providers such as Mental Health Services (MHMR), Public Health
Department, Jail Minister.

REFERENCES Professional and personal references will be provided upon request