
SUSAN SEESE

623-249-9602    suzane321@aol.com

SUMMARY

An accomplished Senior Executive with extensive management experience in
Mortgage Operations. My focus areas include leadership development,
performance and talent management, organizational design and
effectiveness, and change management. As an Manager for more than 18
years, have led, developed, and supported intact and cross-functional
teams.  Experience captured through repeated building, growth and results
for the Mortgage Banking Firms have given me the ability to be an
accomplished senior manager.

KEY QUALIFICATIONS

* Customer Service            * Start-up's             * Forecasting
* Mentor/Coach                * Leadership             * Change
  Management
* P&L Accounting Principles   * Business Development   *
  Negotiations/Contracts
* Strategic Planning          * Wholesale/Retail       * Human Resources
* Pipeline Management
* Training

                              * Cost Controls
                              * Fraud Training (banks)

                              * Presentation Skills
                              * Recruiting


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE


Consulting/Analysis -2013 Contract positions - Assisting clients with a
needs based analysis with the intent of implementing the solutions.
Covering areas such as training, compliance, sales, operations and
recruitment.


WELLS FARGO BANK N.A. - Tempe, Arizona   Senior Underwriter 2013

      * Underwrote Freddie and Fannie products, HARP loans and DU
        refinances.
      * Signed off on conditions and worked closing with the assigned
        processor.
      * Loans were from all states and needed to meet state requirements,
        compliance and Investors criteria during the underwriting
        process.
      * Customer Identification process and other systems were adhered so
        as to prevent Fraudulent loans and discrimination.

The Short Sale Home Store - Branch Manager - Valencia, CA 2011-2013

      * Processed and underwrote loans and modifications for individuals
        who were
                   in the 2008 crisis of depreciation of property.
                   * Managed processors and underwriters to keep the
                   pipeline flowing and growing at the same time.
                   * Created more systems that were put into place to
                   prevent non-compliance and fraudulent loans.

HCMM - Senior Business Analyst   2011-2008

Specialized in consulting with a multitude of businesses in marketing,
sales, budgeting, long term goals, profit planning, structure, cash flow
analysis and strategic planning.

      1. Taught Change Management to CEO's when applicable. Helping them
      understand that people are their greatest commodity. With the
      understanding of what they do from this day forward is important to
      the company and employees.
      2. Implemented revenue planning/budgeting, forecasting and
      reporting providing analytical support to senior management. Taught
      them to understand key variables on these reports.
      3. Restructured Human Resources departments, Change Management,
      incentive programs, budgeting reports, employee issues and
      concerns
      4. Distribution of sales to meet and exceed sales targets.

 Strength in analytical skills with adaptability to change quickly with
 the time factors on projects assigned to me. Most of the work done was a
 three to five day Analysis of what could be done differently in a
 particular company.

Encore Financial - Walnut Creek   Regional Vice-President   2006-2008

*  Reviewed loans on a daily basis to see if an exception was warranted.
   Make sense underwriting with the desire to make the loan work as long
   as it was saleable.
*  Account executives, loan officers and operations were my
   responsibility.

Citi Mutual Financial - Vice President - San Jose 2004-2006

          * Recruited to pull together entire operations that catered to
            the wholesale mortgage division. Funded loans off warehouse
            lines and sold to investors. This company was about to go
            public and needed someone that could streamline operations,
            production channels and do damage control with personnel.
          * Created urgency and synergy between production and closing.
            Prior to the changes they had a concept of "us against them".
            Conflict resolution, prioritizing positions with talent.
            Managed operations (back room) and production teams.

International Profit Associates- Buffalo Grove, IL
2001-2004 - Consultant

* Through my rigorous approach to research and analytics-from
  understanding complex environments and trends, to identifying strengths
  and weaknesses in the workplace. After analyzing the findings, I
  translate the results into clear, meaningful communication that
  provides our clients the insight they need to make important strategic
  decisions.
* Infrastructure and process flow that is effective brings positive
  results and happy people.  In turn increased revenues are the result.
* A skilled facilitator and problem solver with an impressive ability to
  start the conversations that need to be had inside any division.


Accubanc Mortgage, Woodland Hills, CA 1999-2001

VP/Regional Sales Manager

          * Managed a team in operations to service clients. Built
            production teams to sell products, added quality control,
            underwriting and funding departments to support production.
          * Hired to put together the infrastructure of a vehicle to be
            used to originate process, underwrite, fund and close VA,
            FHA, Conventional and Sub-prime in 8 states.

          * Set up correspondent relationships with various niche
            lenders. This was a necessity at the time since we were not
            equipped to do Sub-prime loans.
          * Created managed and held accountable Operations Center to
            work with the District Offices. This division was servicing 8
            states on Special loans and Sub-prime. Trained divisions on
            various topics such as Time Management, Goals and Fraud
            detection.

          * Spearheaded system for Quality Control prior to funding loans
            from    branch offices.
          * Recruited trained and retained key personnel for all
            departments. Worked and maintained this division until the
            initial transition to National City Bank.

Legend Financial Group, Woodland Hills, CA 1998
Managing Director/EVP
Spearheaded the "start up" of this Mortgage Banker.

   * Created the platform for this Mortgage Banking firm to do Wholesale
     and Retail loans.
   * Implemented a Call Center to originate loans.  Set up the investor
     relationships to broker loans.
   * Responsibilities included making exceptions on loans when needed,
     working directly with Secondary.

Weyerhaeuser Mortgage Corporation, Woodland hills, CA 1993-1998

Sr. Vice President/National Sales

      * Put together training workshops for the Managers/District
        Managers on products, lending guidelines and compliance issues
        and fraud awareness.
      * Exception authority at a high level of ten.  Retail sub-prime was
        the product.
      * Restructured and managed the Consumer Direct Division. This
        Division supported 120 offices on irregular loans. This division
        entailed funding and quality control.
      * * Created a system that originated and funded a 100Million
        monthly in loans.
      * **Implemented sub-prime in Seven districts to create additional
        revenues and products.

EDUCATION

Antioch University BA
PSI Women's Leadership Seminar 2002
NMLS Certification Arizona

PSI Women's Leadership Seminar 2002
Kerr-Hill Senior Management Training 1997
Life Success Seminar 1979-1982-1986-2011

NOTABLE ACHIEVEMENTS & AFFILIATIONS

National Leadership Award 2009    (President Bush)
Recognized as Who's Who in California 1982

   Received "Best Supporting Manager" Award 1997 (Weyerhaeuser)

Developed & Coached Leadership Training Seminar 1997-1998-1999
Developed & Facilitated Sales Training Workshops (various mortgage
banking firms)
President & VP Millionaires Club 1977,1978   Horita Realty and
Development, Honolulu
Easter Seal Telethon Spokesperson 1981, Honolulu, Hawaii   Pacesetters
Leadership (90 days) 1977, Coached in 1986
Outstanding Performance Award   Rookie of the year 2001 (Consulting)
International Profit and Associates   Real Estate BROKER (CA) 1982   NMLS
Certification AZ  2013