
Shateka Abbott
ShatekaAbbott@gmail.com
3778 Blazing Star St SE
Kentwood, MI. 49512
616-734-9955

EDUCATION:
Central Michigan University, Mount Pleasant, Michigan: BSW

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Samaritas, Grand Rapids, Michigan
Licensing Specialist (Fulltime), June 2019 - Current

Duties: Plan and conduct regular orientation meetings and pre-service training with prospective
foster parents. Complete original home study for all new foster parent applicants. Complete
investigation of all complaints foster families in a thorough and timely manner; provide written
reports appropriate parties and regulatory agencies.

Samaritas, Grand Rapids, Michigan
Case Manager (Fulltime), May 2018 - June 2019

Duties: Assume primary responsibility for all cases on assigned caseload. Collect, assess, and
document appropriate data and client progress. Work collaboratively with referral sources, agencies,
and institutions who have pertinent roles in the client's life situation. Prepare for and attend all
scheduled court hearings on assigned caseload. Take primary responsibility for intake and initial
placement services for all newly referred cases, Coordinate placement arrangements with caregivers,
including transportation of children as needed. Provide more intensive supportive casework services
to child, birth family, and caregiver during initial placement and replacement.


Gretchen's House, Ann Arbor, Michigan
Preschool Teacher (Full-time), January 2012 - December 2015

    *      Duties: Facilitate 14 children in a play based classroom, creating activities that will
      encourage them to dive into play, and following a high scope curriculum. This job requires
      great organization and communication skills. Daily Note taking on children for yearly parent
      reports and conferences.


Hope Network, Grand Rapids, Michigan
Independent Living Instructor (Full-time), September 2014 - August 2015
    *      Duties: Complete all clerical task assigned. Bill for each consumers appointments. Provide
      care for consumers of Hope Network's service in a variety of settings; home, office,
      community. Role model appropriate behavior and skills to consumers to help them achieve their
      highest level of independence. Use a consumer's person centered plan in support of their
      medical, clinical, therapeutic and behavioral needs.

D.A. Blodgett St. John's, Grand Rapids, Michigan

Direct Care Counselor (Full-time), June 2011-December 2011

    *      Duties: Ensured the supervision, safety, and health of all youth. Displayed positive role
      modeling. Ensuring kids needs are being met. Provided effective written records and
      communication as required by the agency daily.

SKILLS:
Computer: MiSACWIS, Harmony, Sigma, MS Word, Outlook, PowerPoint, Excel, and Medical billing
systems.