
Dear Hiring Authority:
My name is Ricky Majtyka and my experience as a professional truck driver
has given me the opportunity to meet, interact and deal with a wide
variety of people in a business setting over a number of years. This
experience has taught me the value and benefit of creating and
maintaining good customer relations.  In addition, it has helped me to
develop and maintain good work habits, which have become a natural and
characteristic aspect of who I am.

I am motivated to obtain a position in which my acquired skills and work
experiences will benefit a new employer.  I am open to either a full or
part time position for the right opportunity and I look forward to what
you may have an interest in discussing with me.   Finally, I am
dedicated, responsible and willing to put in the extra hours to see any
project through to conclusion and I look forward to hopefully hearing
from you at your earliest convenience.

Thank You,
Ricky Majtyka


Ricky Majtyka
rickymajtyka@yahoo.com
5967 Welcomeway Apt #3
Portage, IN 46368
Home: 219-762-2987

Objection: To get into a field of employment that will allow me into a
company that can benefit from my acquired skills and experience.

Experience:
August 2006- Current

Ricky's Painting Portage, In
Interior exterior house painter.
Create advertising and distribute to local residents and businesses.
Accept incoming calls from promotional materials. Process information.
Meet with prospective clients and develop a plan of action. Choosing
colors and texture for their painting projects.

August 1997 - August 2006

Guess Freight Ways Hobart, IN
Truck Driver
Operate semi-tractor with 48' or 53' trailer. Judge distances. Inspect
tractor and trailer daily. Apply good communication skills. Manage time
effectively for on time delivery. Follow written and geographic
directions. Follow established traffic patterns. Follow government and
safety regulations. Load and unload freight from trailer using hand jack
or forklift. Keep accurate records of shipment, pieces and weights.
Report shortages, overage and damaged freight to customer service.

March 1996 - April 1997

Direct Transit Portage, IN
Truck Driver
Operate semi-tractor with 48' or 53' trailer. Judge distances. Inspect
tractor and trailer daily. Apply good communication skills. Manage time
effectively for on time delivery. Follow written and geographic
directions. Follow established traffic patterns. Follow government and
safety regulations. Load and unload freight from trailer using hand jack
or forklift. Keep accurate records of shipment, pieces and weights.
Report shortages, overage and damaged freight to customer service.


December 1995 - February 1996

C.R.S.T. Gary, IN
Team Driver
Team drive semi tractor with 48' or 53' trailer from east coast to west
coast. Judge distances. Inspect tractor and trailer daily. Apply good
communication skills. Manage time effectively for on time delivery.
Follow written and geographic directions. Follow established traffic
patterns. Follow government and safety regulations. Load and unload
freight from trailer using hand jack or forklift. Keep accurate records
of shipment, pieces and weights. Report shortages, overage and damaged
freight to customer service.


Education Portage: Adult GED

Certificate: Academy Of Professional Truck Drivers