
VICTOR
MENDOZA
Operations coordinator
Lakeway, TX 78734
mendozavictor1997@yahoo.com
(346) 813-4724

Experienced operations coordinator,assistant manager, and Administrator for over 2 years, assisted the operations and
customer service departments by implementing new procedures and ensure organization is functioning smoothly. Operated
on creating purchase orders, payroll adjustments, work orders, P-cards, handled operational and maintenance planing for
MUD plants, prepared training documents for operations managers, reported accurate monthly wastewater data reports,
communicated with vendors regarding to commercial operations bid jobs, and assisting new employees with job
onboardings. Helped current organization communicate more effectively with the service being provided to those who
speak a different language ( Spanish) and assisted company with modernizing its website.
Willing to relocate to: Austin, TX - Lakeway, TX
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE
Operations Coordinator
Inframark - Austin, TX
June 2020 to Present
Responsible for providing administrative support duties requiring extensive knowledge of company functions, policies and
practices. Managed the operational and maintenance functions of MUD plants by planning, scheduling and extraction data
performance. Completed accurate reporting weekly and monthly on wastewater reports. Created work orders for repairs on
district s plants, managed purchase orders, and maintained relations with account managers, board members, bookkeepers
and vendors. Lastly prepared training for operations managers and employees, expense reporting on company card
expenses, and tracked plants safety inspections and audits. For all task management s I used several software platforms
like Netsuite, BirdNest, share point, SAP Concur, Microsoft Excel, Adobe Acrobat, Kronos, and Outlook.

Assistant Manager
Inframark - Houston, TX
February 2020 to June 2020
Accountable of administrating all tasks under the operations department of Inframark. Creating Purchase orders to send for
all vendors while also verifying all qualifications for partnerships are up to date. Communicated with accounts receivable
department on a daily basis regarding to any purchase orders discrepancies. softwares used to function daily tasks range
from using quick books, share point, Adp, NetSuite for creation of POR and expense reports, excel, Microsoft word, and
outlook. Managed team training, relationships and conflict resolutions, timesheets Exceptions, review and approvals.
Assisted with keeping client/customer relations intact. Also generated work orders for technicians to handle for commercial
and residential properties. Work orders helped maintain companies personal data on the costs for labor, materials, and
rentals. Lastly would assist department with managing employees payroll, making sure timesheets satisfactory were met.

 Administrative Clerk
Inframark
February 2018 to February 2020
As an administrative clerk, I was involved with applying payments for bills, fines, fees, or other transactions. Also interacted
with customers on daily basis, by answering questions and resolving account issues. Faxed, filed, and sorted mail to
corresponding department. Other duties were to assist department with incoming emails corresponding to any sorts of
account changes, generating declined letters, and being in charge of translating documentation and information for clients
from English to Spanish. Creating and setting up customers accounts for their services is also another duty that was
performed daily.

Sales associate/ customer service representative
Kohl's - Houston, TX
June 2015 to February 2018
Primary job duties of as a sales associate/ customer service representative consisted of working sales floors, answering
questions about services and merchandise. Ensured customer satisfaction, by delivering great service, managed large
amounts of outbound calls, assist with placement of orders, refunds, or exchanges and take payment information

EDUCATION
Associate in Business
Lonestar Community College - Cypress, TX
2016 to December 2020

SKILLS
  Microsoft Word (2 years)
  Sales (3 years)
  Customer Service (5 years)
  Outlook (2 years)
  Microsoft Excel (2 years)
  Billing (2 years)
  10-Key (2 years)
  Clerical (2 years)
  Data Entry (2 years)
  Administrative Assistant (2 years)
  Purchasing (Less than 1 year)
  SharePoint (2 years)
  NetSuite (1 year)
  Assistant Manager Experience (Less than 1 year)
  Management (1 year)
  SAP (1 year)
  Pricing (Less than 1 year)
  BirdNest (Less than 1 year)
  Adobe Acrobat (1 year)
  Kronos (2 years)

 CERTIFICATIONS AND LICENSES
Driver's License

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Hold a certification for typing 59 WPM with an accuracy of 96 percent.

 