




JOHN DUMAN

535 Blue Jay Ln
Milford, DE 19963
Phone: (302) 745-0360
Email: jdumanjr@gmail.com
Fax: (000) 000-0000
Cell Phone: (302) 745-0360



QUALIFICATIONS:

    I am an experienced residential / commercial, HVAC Service Tech and Lead Installer. I have been
    in charge of the job from start to finish and managed my own crew. I have strong mechanical
    abilities and excellent people skills. I like to be organized and efficient. I use a variety of
    hand and power tools. I work alone or as a team. I read blueprints and schematics. I have a
    strong electrical and mechanical background. I follow directions without supervision. I have
    done many types of mechanical trades and most types of building trades. I use all equipment
    needed in a safe manner. I have the knowledge and skills to use computers and office equipment
    required. I follow OSHA requirements and regulations for a safe work place. I work very well
    with the public and I use very good work ethics. I think quickly and find solutions to problems
    that may arise on the job. I have no problem taking orders from my supervisor or people in
    higher positions. I have the ability to learn very quickly. I am skilled in troubleshooting and
    the use of test equipment, to diagnose and repair many types of equipment. I am able to learn
    new skills, as needed to succeed in my position. I am always willing to take any schooling
    needed for certification of my duties. I am looking for a long term career / full time
    employment. I enjoy meeting new clients and fulfilling their immediate and long term needs and
    the needs of the company.



EDUCATION:

I have attended many trade related training classes and certificate seminars, including Grace Hill
certificate training in proper employee and work place ethics and safety procedures.
I have attended many weekly OSHA and work place seminars and training as a requirement of my
positions.

I have a High School Diploma, form Belford High School.

I have attended Delaware Technical Community College for Commercial Transportation Studies in the
summer of 2014.
This included the studies of the DOT regulations and safety procedures.

EPA CERTIFICATION: 591125374410 - Universal



EMPLOYMENT:

2018-2018 HVAC / Maintenance Tech, Grand Atlas Property
I serviced all HVAC equipment on a 160 Duplex Housing community. My Duties also included the make
ready of the vacant units for rental.

2017-2017 HVAC Service Tech, R. S. Bauer, LLC
I serviced and replaced HVAC equipment. This included the Preventive Maintenance of the equipment.
Lots of mobile homes and residential service.

2017-2017 Commercial HVAC Service Tech, Nextech North East LLC
I serviced and replaced HVAC equipment on large Shopping Malls to Strip Malls, Restaurants and
Independent Commercial Buildings of a diverse client use and trades.
This included the Preventive Maintenance of the equipment.

2016-2017 HVAC Service Tech, Jack Donovan Plumbing Heating & Air
I serviced and replaced HVAC equipment on residential and commercial buildings.
This included Preventive Maintenance on oil, gas, heat pumps, geothermal, electric and air
conditioning systems.
I also serviced and replaced gas and electric water heaters and gas piping.
This position included all necessary electrical wiring and construction needed to accomplish the
job.

2016-2016 Commercial HVAC Service Tech, Lane Valente Industries, Inc.
I serviced and replaced HVAC equipment on Large Shopping Malls to Strip Malls, Restaurants and
Independent Commercial Buildings of a diverse client use and trade.
This included the Preventive Maintenance of the equipment. This position involved a great deal of
travel and a lot of hotel stays.
This included DE, MD, VA, PA, NJ and NC.

2015-2016 HVAC Service Tech, Trap's Plmbg, Htg and A/C
I serviced all types of HVAC equipment in the residential and commercial fields.
I also, did change-outs of equipment, wiring, refrigerant lines and complete duct systems.
I performed the start-up and balance of the new equipment and duct system.
I also, did the maintenance of existing equipment and duct systems, in both, residential and
commercial applications.

2014-2015 Commercial HVAC Service Tech / Site Forman / Install, Ducts Unlimited, Inc.
I fulfilled the companies' obligation to contracted projects; In the Commercial HVAC / Mechanical
contracting trades.
I worked closely with the company personnel and the General Contractor; to lead my crew to the
satisfactory completion of the project.
This included the start from blueprint stage to opening day or occupancy of the facility.
I also serviced all types of commercial; heating, cooling and ventilation equipment, used in the
facilities.
I worked closely with the public, my crew and other contractors, to fulfill the expectations of the
client.
When not on the jobsite or a service call, I worked in the shop making the duct required for the
project.
I did the install and setup of the control panels (PLCs), electric heaters, VAVs, dampers,
ventilators, sensors, probes and thermostats. Also, piping of the refrigerant lines and startup of
the equipment to ensure proper operation.
This position required the install and service of commercial duct systems and equipment, including
the wiring of the damper / air control operating systems. This position includes driving large
company cargo transport vehicles.

2013-2014 HVAC Service / Maintenance Technician, Hunt Companies, DAFB
I was a Service Tech on residential and light commercial buildings at Eagle Heights, Dover Air Force
Base. My duties included the facility maintenance of the community of over 800 homes and common
buildings. This position required troubleshooting and repair of the heating and air conditioning
equipment and all phases of the building trades; including electrical, plumbing, appliances and
carpentry. All work was documented and filed for future reference. This position required an
extensive background check and military clearance to work on the Air Force Base Housing complex. I
worked to fulfill the needs and solve the problems of the tenants, by myself or as a team. This
position included driving a company vehicle.

2011-2013 Refrigeration /Appliance Technician, Sears In Home Service
I took this position with no experience and no proper training. Learn on the job, as you go. But, I
fulfilled the clients' need of repair on large appliances in their homes. I worked with the client
to solve issues on warranty claims or service contract repairs. All company and client contact on a
daily basis was done on computer or phone. I was dispatched from my home, to the clients' home. All
billing, payments, and service logs were done on computer at the clients' home. The service of all
manufactures brands in warranty or out of warranty. This position included driving a company
vehicle. Also, the replacement of vehicle inventory, by use of computer controlled programs to keep
track of the transactions of materials delivered directly to my home by UPS.

2010-2011 HVAC Service Technician, Brymak and Associates, INC.
I was a Service Tech for the school system of Fort Bragg military base. This position required the
repair and general maintenance of the HVAC-R equipment and the kitchen equipment of all the schools
on the base, including boiler and chiller maintenance. Also, commercial kitchen, equipment and
ventilation maintenance and repair. I have been cleared by the Dept. of Defense and the Dept. of
School Operations, to perform my duties. This is an extensive background check with DOD and DSO
clearance to enter the base and the schools. I worked on my own and within a team, to complete the
maintenance orders and service calls, on a daily basis. I worked in and around the class rooms, with
the teachers and children present, with as little disruption to the daily activities as possible.
This position involved driving a company vehicle.

2009-2010 Facilities Maintenance Technician, Severn Management Company, LLC.
I was a Maintenance Tech in charge all aspects of the repair and operation of a 112 unit apartment
complex. My duties included the general repair of plumbing, electrical, HVAC and the building's
interior and exterior construction and grounds. This position required the ordering of parts and
materials needed to perform the daily operation of the complex.
This position required a government background check. The property was under USDA regulations. I
worked closely with the management, co-workers and the tenants on a daily basis. I kept records of
inventory and ordered materials from the vendors. I also, worked with outside contractors to reach a
solution to the situation or problem as needed. I aided in the inspections of the units and the
property as required by the company, the state and the government. I also, maintained the sewage
pump system on the property to insure proper flow to the main sewer system.


John Duman

(302)745-0360

I'm looking forward to meeting you.




