
                                                                                  Hadicha Shukhratiy B.S.
                                                                                   Philadelphia PA, 19115
                                                                                  shukhratiyh@gmail.com
                                                                                           (860) 471- 0324
EDUCATION

Plainville High School 2015-2017
New Britain High School 2017-2019
Magna Cum Laude graduate in Health Care Studies at Southern Connecticut State University 2019-2022

EXPERIENCE

President of International Children's Advisory Network (Non-profit Clinical Research Organization) November
2016 - November 2019
    - Monthly attendance at local hospitals and colleges allowed gained knowledge of the clinical research
        process and environment. Collaborative work with team leaders to formulate meeting ideas, and ways to
        improve modern clinical research through participation in surveys. Worked alongside companies such as
        Pfizer, Moderna, Epic, etc... Worked in recruiting and screening patients, mandated informed consent, and
        understood good clinical practice. Wrote numerous works of research in APA style format and expert
        proficiency in Adobe Acrobat and Microsoft Word

Wendy's Employee: July 2016- August 2018
    - Gained high standards of customer service, succeeded to operate in a fast working environment, and
        learned to transact currency efficiently.

Academic Tutor for Wyzant: December 2022 - Present
    -   5+ years experience in tutoring in the subjects of English, Biology, Anatomy & Physiology, Language
        Arts, Writing, Physics, Chemistry, etc.

ADDITIONAL: 5,000 8,000 hours of research experience and written numerous research articles, case studies,
annotated bibliographies in health related topics

LICENSES/CERTIFICATIONS

Clinical Research Coordinator (CRC) CITI Training
    - This foundation course delivers basic CRC training that organizations may use for onboarding new CRCs.
    - Expires Jan 2024 Credential ID 53699155
Human Research Protection Training for the NIH
    - Issued by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) training for human research
        protection the NIH mandates
    - No Expiration Date
Good Clinical Practice (GCP) Certification
    - Issued by The National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA)
    - Expires Jan 2024 Credential ID HHSN27201201000024C
COLLEGE ACTIVITIES

Vice President of Spanish Club




    - Organized meetings, focused on team building
Member of Student Council
    - Participated in events around campus
Member of National Students Nursing Association
    - Participated in aiding activities for the organization
Member of Muslim Student Association
    - Participated in discussions and activities aiding the organization

HONORS AND AWARDS

High Honor Roll: Senior Year at New Britain High School

Dean's List: Freshman - Senior Year at Southern Connecticut State University

Class of 2019 Top 10% Award
    - Awarded a medal for academic achievement

Magna Cum Laude Graduate
    - Awarded for a GPA of 3.70 or higher throughout undergraduate degree

Roberta B. Willis Scholarship Recipient
    - A 5,250$ scholarship awarded to those who graduated in the top 20 percentage of their school

Team Helper Award: Travel Volleyball Team
    - Awarded for enthusiastic attitude to help beginner volleyball recruits.

Effort and Perseverance Award:
    - Awarded for hard work during difficult tasks, and ability to obtain perseverance when challenges
        approached.

Achievement and Perseverance Award:
    - Awarded for an outstanding increase in semester average grade, and a high yearly average.

Scholarship Recipient for the Class of 2019
    - Awarded a 1,000$ scholarship to aid tuition


SKILLS:
Collaboration
Organization
Working with Quantitative Data Sets
Communicating in a team
Scientific methods
Research design
Methodology and terminology
Attention to detail
Customer Service
Data Management
Team Building
Microsoft Word

