
Dorothy Badecki

Satellite Facility Cook/Kitchen Manager - Nutri-Serve Food Management, Inc
Audubon, NJ 08106
beadecki@comcast.net
+1 856 520 2590


Work Experience

Satellite Facility Cook/Kitchen Manager
Nutri-Serve Food Management, Inc
September 2009 to Present

Tatem Elementary School, Haddonfield NJ
Reviews menus, production sheets and other posted information. Completes calling in daily entrée order
production amounts. Sets up serving areas. Facilitates the flow of work in the operation of the kitchen
procedures and food distribution. Performs batch cooking and preparation of daily menu items to ensure
uninterrupted efficient operation of the cafeteria and other service areas. Participates in programs or
developmental n service to improve skills. Maintains established department policies and objectives for
quality assurance. Complies with all requirements of federal, state and local regulations and guidelines.

Kitchen Manager
Nutri-Serve Food Management, Inc    - Haddonfield, NJ
September 2013 to November 2013

Cook six to twelve entrée's, hot and cold food items for High School grades schools three lunches,
also ale cart items. Improvise and forecast entre choices as well as change production on as needed
basis. Supervise and oversee five kitchen employees, production. Conflict resolution skills, involving
workplace disputes such as employee conduct student and school staff interaction and dialog. Employee
assignments food line set up/production payroll issues timesheet approval. Order all supplies pertaining
to school lunches. The volume of food and drinks. Ordering varies from daily to weekly to monthly. For
example, daily bread, weekly drinks including fountain, coffee, sports and bottled waters and various
juices. Ordering food items twice weekly including Administrative functions as such as researching
product codes cross referencing foods to menu items listed from multiple venders.

Teacher Assistant
Wiley Pre-School and Daycare   - Marlton, NJ
September 2002 to September 2009

Provide aid to Pre-School teacher for three year old children. Duties including managing the classroom
with tools to help the teachers lessons run smoothly. Teaching children one on one in the classroom
setting to those that require lesson review. Assisting children with computer educational games.
Encouraging children's abilities to prosper their learning. Used positive reinforcement in helping the
children to excel in their experience in learning through games, and visual aids as well as written lesson
forms to develop their skills. Processing the children's work, including written and artwork. Monitored
outside play helping teacher to provide a safe environment for play and exe

Food Service Worker
Nutri-Serve Food Management, Inc    - Audubon, NJ




2008 to January 2008

Assisted with preparing meals. Serving and cleaning up for school cafeteria and kitchen

Substitute Teacher Assistant
Kingsway Learning Center   - Haddonfield, NJ
2007 to January 2007

Prepare and conduct students learning activities as directed by Teacher. Familiarize with the needs and
abilities of each student as well as their limits. Use of instructional materials for individualized learning.
To assist with the personal hygiene of the children. Assist in keeping of the behavioral limits as defined
by teacher. Refer all inquiries in regards to students' progress or behavior to the teacher. Supervise when
teacher is not present including bus schedule for when children are arriving and at the end of the day.

Production Supervisor@Shoppers Guide Job Sight
Bancroft Inc - Haddonfield, NJ
June 1996 to 1999

Ensure an environment in which individuals may acquire the vocational skills consistent with his or her
potential. Monitored vocational training in the areas of job skills, safety and scheduling.
I was also responsible for increasing production through instruction and communication skills.

Secretary
Hartman Collection  - Pennsauken, NJ
1991 to 1994

Field customer service inquiries. Process all orders including credit checks and scheduling ship dates.
Responsible for billing and posting checks. Utilize effective techniques by pursuing and ensuring the
prompt collection of all delinquent accounts. Skilled in use of Q&A Word processor.

Off Campus Living Skills Manager Woods I
Bancroft Inc - Haddonfield, NJ
October 1988 to 1990

On call Manager living within community of Woods I .Specialist in the total life education of a minimum of
nine People. Provide assistance in daily living skills, vocational training; including matching individual's
skills and abilities with employment in the community. Coordinated activities of all support staff working
within the community program. Encourage, maintain and share in a lifestyle that promotes an "extended"
family group while preserving individually.

Postal Clerk
Rider University Lawrenceville  - Lawrenceville, NJ
January 1985 to 1986

Process all classes of mail coming in and leaving the campus post office. Gave support to the duplicating
center, and the switchboard during lunches, breaks and absences.
1-1983 -1-1985

Job Coach Technician
United Cerebral Palsy Trenton New Jersey   - Trenton, NJ
1985 to 1986




Provide on the Job training, supervision and assistance to rfining the employees basic job skills. Monitor
progress of employees and in work environment and suggested recommendations for improvement if
and when needed.


Education

High school or equivalent


Skills

* Classroom Experience

* Facilities Management

* Facilities Maintenance

* Meal Preparation


Certifications and Licenses

Serve Safe Certified
2019 to May 2022


Assessments

Food safety - Familiar
February 2022

Knowledge of proper food and equipment handling safety measures
Full results: Familiar


Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued
development in any professional field.

