
                         ASHUMA GLADYS / HEALTH
                                    CARE ASSISTANT
                                          Ayo Avenue,Benin City
                               +2348067858277 | gladdysluv@gmail.com

Proffesional Summary

  I am a Compassionate ,deligent and experienced health care assistant.i'm confident in assisting with
  diverse ward needs.always helpful with clinical staff and ready to offer personalised care .trainned in
  documentation,assessment and electronic charting.delivers attentive and passionate care and fully
  trainned in 15 care certificate courses.

Skills

  Care planning
  Blood pressure monitoring
  Pulse oximetry
  Good communication skills
  Bed making
  Health checking
  Meal preparation
  Eldery care patient handling and positioning

Experience

  Focus Hospital                                                                         15/07/2022 - Date
  Health Care Assistant
  Chart patient information such as mood changes,mobility ability,and daily input and output.
  Provide care to patients,following detailed care and rehabilitation plan.
  Monitore ward patients and report concerns to head nurse.
  Complete regular checks on patient vital,condition and recovery.
  Administer and document prescribed medicines in line with company's procedure and care standard.
  Assist patient in the basic requirement .including bathing,washing and dressing.
  Clean rooms and sanitised kitchen work spaces.
  ..

  The West African Examination Council(WAEC)                                                    2020 - 2020
  Account Officer
  Drove team success by completing allocated task quickly and accurately.
  Managed all pay roll processing and changing for (Number employees.
  Identified process inefficiencies and errors.
  Developed employee incentive strategies to improve retention and productivity
  Contributed to improvement of procedures and operations resulting in (Result).

  Kada Cineman And Entertainment Centre,Benin City,Edo state,Nigeria.               8/8/2018 - 10/12/2019
  Cashier
  Maintained clean,tidy and check out areas.
  Smoothly processed incoming orders,handling over (Number) transactions per day with exceptional
  accuracy.
  Worked over time shifts to maintain optimal work flow during busy periods or times of unexpected
  high volumes
  Helped customers with specific item request by answering questions and offering knowlegeable
  product advice.
  Packed purchased item properly to prevent damaged to delicate product.
  Worked closely with front of house staff to facilitate positive customer experience.




Education

  Ambrose Alli University                                                                              2019
  BSC Banking and finance

Certifications


   2022 -Understanding your Roles |Florence Academy ,United Kingdom
  2022-Duties of care |Florence Academy,United Kindom
  2022-Safe guarding of Adults |Florence Academy United Kingdom
  2022-Safe guarding of Children|Florence Academy,United Kingdom
  2022-Health and Safety|Florence Academy ,United Kingdom
  2022-Communication | Florence Academy,United Kindom
  2022-Infection,prevention and control | Florence Academy,United Kingdom
  2022-Privacy and Diginity | Florence Academy,United Kingdom
  2022-Equality and Diversity | Florence Academy,United Kingdom
  2022-Working in Person Centered Way|Florence Academy,United Kingdom
  2022-Handling Information|Florence Academy,United Kingdom
  2022-Basic Life Support|Florence Academy,United Kingdom
  2022-Personal Development|Florence Academy,United Kingdom
  2022-Fluid and Nutrition|Florence Academy,United Kingdom
  2022-Awareness of Mental Health|Florence Academy,United Kingdom
  2022-Certificate in First Aid And CPR | Florence Academy
  2022-Diploma in Caregiving |Allison




Professional Reference

  Available On Request - ""

