
Gerardo Gurrola

6507 King ave apt.A
Bell, CA 90201
Cell: 323 793-0268
E-Mail: lakra43@hotmail.com

Summary

Reliable Warehouse Worker with extensive experience operating reach
truck, slip truck, order picker and electric pallet jack. Valid CA
drivers license and clean driving record. Also a Bilingual self-starter
with broad customer service background. Skilled in developing
relationships and providing exceptional individualized service.

Experience

March 2003 to October 2010
Staples North American Delivery Ontario , CA
Driver/Unloader

Salary- $19.89hr.

Maintained logs of working hours and of vehicle service and repair
status, following applicable state and federal regulations.
Delivered to residential and commercial locations.
Performed inside delivery for customers.
Inspected cargo for count accuracy.
Successfully avoided time delivery delays by carefully planning best
routes.
Received pick-ups and delivered them to warehouse.
Obeyed traffic laws, and follow established traffic and transportation
procedures.

January 2000 to March 2003
Individual Group Inc. Bell, CA
Warehouse

Salary- $11.75hr.

Loaded and unloaded ship cargo.
Read work orders or received oral instructions to determine work
assignments and material and equipment needs.
Sorted cargo before loading and unloading.
Used item numbers to properly stock warehouse.
Cleared damaged items and loaded freight.
Properly utilized warehouse equipment and tools to increase productivity,
efficiency, and safety.
Responsible for careful handling of all merchandise to avoid damage.
Staged final products for shipment.

June 1994 to December 1999
Isuzu Parts Distribution Center N. Whittier, CA
Warehouse

Salary- $18.75hr.

Loaded and unloaded ship cargo.
Read work orders or received oral instructions to determine work
assignments and material and equipment needs.
Sorted cargo before loading and unloading.
Used item numbers to properly stock warehouse.
Cleared damaged items and loaded freight.
Properly utilized warehouse equipment and tools to increase productivity,
efficiency, and safety.
Responsible for careful handling of all merchandise to avoid damage.
Staged final products for shipment.

Education

1994 South Gate High school South Gate , CA
High School Diploma

East Los Angeles College East Los Angeles, CA
Working on Associate of Arts Computer Science

Will continue in the fall.