


Douglas A. Snyder    DouglasASnyder@gmail.com    10113 Daufuskie Dr, Charlotte, NC 28278
(803) 619-9569    linkedin.com/in/douglassnyder


A trusted technology leader with a proven record of developing elastic, scalable, and resilient
technology solutions. A data evangelist who enjoys hands-on data engineering, data design, and
architecture roles. Focused on building, coaching, and leading technology teams and individuals.
Highly proficient in cloud-based platforms, project management applications, and software
development life cycles.

MANAGEMENT EXPERTISE
 *      Team Building, Coaching, Retention
 *      Strategic Planning, Solutions Delivery, IT Strategy
 *      Executive Leadership, Stakeholder Management
 *      Regulatory Compliance and Audit
 *      Cybersecurity
 *      $MM P&L Accountability
 *      Contract Development, Negotiations, M&A's
 *      Process Improvements



TECHNOLOGY SKILLS
Data and Analytics    SQL Server, MySQL, Snowflake, Azure Synapse, RedShift, Hadoop, MongoDB, Power BI, Tableau,
ThoughtSpot
Data Frameworks    DAMA, CMMI, DCAM
Data Ingestion    Kafka, SSIS/ADF, MuleSoft, APIs, ETL/ELT (FiveTran, Matillion, dbt)
Cloud Technologies    Amazon Web Services: EC2, IAM, S3, EFS, Route 53, Connect, Transcribe, Elastic Beanstalk, and
several other services. Equivalent Azure services and technologies. (SaaS, PaaS)
App Dev    Python, C#, Angular


CAREER EXPERIENCE
Snowflake    6/2022 - Pres
Senior Sales Engineer    (Remote) Charlotte, NC

Provide pre-sales technical expertise across business verticals looking to use Snowflake as data
cloud platform.
 *      Provide 100-level technical coverage across all areas of the Snowflake platform: technical deep
   dives, security, governance, data science, data lake, data sharing, and cybersecurity as a data
   platform.
 *      Developed current state data infrastructure documents for prospects and customers, migration
   timelines, future state objectives, feature analysis reviews, and budgeting/forecast projections

VoiceSignals    5/2021 - 5/2022
Chief Technology Officer    (Remote) Salt Lake City, UT

Developed the go-to-market technology strategy for VoiceSignals People Intelligence (SaaS) Platform.
The platform produced a real-time psychological analysis based on the acoustic features extracted
from an audio file to provide employees with valuable communication and rapport-building guidance
with the customer.
 *      Led the Signal Processing and Machine Learning strategies to acquire, cleanse, extract, and
   process audio in real-time or post-call which could predict customer/employee target behavior at
   80%.
 *      Drove the development of an in-house trait labeling application that enabled a team of
   psychological assessors to evaluate and score over 5 million audio segments that provided the
   science behind our machine learning models.
 *      Implemented and managed VoiceSignals partner marketplace strategy, which allowed potential
   customers to integrate directly with the platform through third-party marketplaces. Met target
   marketplace integrations expectations set at 1 per month.

LendingTree    1/2020 - 7/2021
Director of Special Projects    Charlotte, NC

Tasked with developing and conducting a maturity assessment of LendingTree's data and analytics
organization to identify the gaps between the as-is environment and the strategic vision to become a
world-class data and analytics company.
 *      The data assessment resulted in short-term efforts that increased collaboration between business
   and technology teams, streamlined the project process, increased tech throughput by 25%, and
   improved system availability benchmarks by 10%.
 *      The framework provided a maturity score for data governance, architecture, technology, quality,
   security, and data management. Owned and delivered on an aggregate increase of 10% over the first
   year.
 *      Created a strategic roadmap to transform LendingTree's customer engagement procedures into an
   omnichannel experience encapsulating all customer touchpoints and business verticals.

Refi.com / First Direct Lending
4/2016 - 1/2020
Chief Technology Officer    (Remote) Irvine, CA

Responsible for transitioning First Direct Lending from a consumer direct mortgage originator to
Refi.com an online lead generation company.
 *      Responsible for developing technology solutions and partnerships to drive Refi.com's digital
   marketing initiatives, including affiliate marketing, social media, SEO, retargeting, email
   marketing, blogs, SMS, and more. Provided daily operational insight into marketing channel
   performance using Google Analytics and in-house developed reports.
 *      Implemented an interactive voice program using Amazon's Lex technology that enabled customers to
   opt-in to a human-free experience over the phone to determine eligibility for various product
   offerings. This technology initiative resulted in an increase in sales per contact of 7% by
   reducing sales agent time with customers the company could not service.
 *      Leveraged outsourced contact center services with in-house technology to drive new lead
   acquisitions from direct mail, third-party lead buys, and organic web leads. Call center
   transfers generated 4x revenue versus standard data leads.
 *      Designed, implemented, and maintained Refi technology software services and infrastructure on
   AWS. AWS services included Aurora MySQL, DynamoDB, EC2, Elastic Beanstalk, S3, Lambda, Amazon
   Connect/Lex, Certificate Manager, and Amazon MQ.


Guaranteed Rate    7/2015 - 8/2016
Senior Vice President, Technology & Information Security
(Remote) Chicago, IL

Managed Guaranteed Rate's acquisition of Discover Home Loans mortgage origination system. Led the
transition and integration of the technology team, applications, infrastructure, and processes.
 *      Responsible for decision-making and communication for the implementation of an in-house developed
   loan origination system. This system supported thousands of users in 200 plus remote offices
   throughout the country.
 *      Developed and implemented a multi-tier defense strategy for Guaranteed Rate's information
   security infrastructure.

Discover Financial Services    6/2012 - 6/2015
Director Technology    (Remote) Chicago, IL

Managed the integration of LendingTree Loans people, technology, and processes as part of the
Discover acquisition in 2012 and then drove the transition of services to Guaranteed Rate in 2015
with Discover's exit from the mortgage space.
 *      Drove the sale of an in-house developed Loan Origination system in collaboration with the
   Executive Vice President, President Consumer Banking & Operations of Discover Financial Services
   to Guaranteed Rate, resulting in hundreds of jobs saved.
 *      Provided technology leadership in business strategic planning sessions. Developed a technology
   roadmap leveraging existing technologies, new technological opportunities, cost, current resource
   skills, and skillset shortfalls to align with the strategic business objectives.
 *      Deployed a web portal that enabled consumers to check on the status of their loan application.
   The site also provided the consumer with the ability to identify, upload and eSign required
   documents. Consumers who leveraged the website resulted in an 11% increase in conversion.
 *      Implemented a skills-based routing system that drove data, telephony, and chat requests to sales
   agents based on performance. As part of the lead routing system implementation, deployed dialer
   technology with a 7-second SLA on first contact.

LendingTree    11/1999 - 6/2012
Senior Vice President of Technology & Operations
Charlotte, NC

Managed all aspects of LendingTree's shared technology infrastructure. In addition, responsible for
the application development teams and systems required to run the LendingTree Loans business
operation.
 *      Generated $5M+ in annual technology savings through a process of server consolidation,
   virtualization realignment, a licensing review and contract renegotiation.
 *      Implemented a technology solution, as part of the acquisition of First Residential Mortgage that
   enabled technology systems to be leveraged across 5 US cities. The project was completed in less
   than 90 days.
 *      Conducted an offshore vendor evaluation and launched an offshore (India) development capability
   at $50/hour less (average labor rate) for the existing labor pool.
 *      Implemented LendingTree's Business Intelligence platform, which included data storage, business
   analytics software, data governance, and business prioritization.


EDUCATION
University of South Florida    B.S. Management Information Systems (GPA 3.5)
1990-1993


MILITARY
U.S. Army    Army Electronic Warfare/Signal Intelligence (05H)
1988-1989
    Military Intelligence - Top Secret





