
Stephanie M. Jackson
17 Farm Drive Farmington, CT.  06032
Ph: 595-7101 Email: mailto:jackson2234@yahoo.com
                                 
jackson2234@yahoo.com


OBJECTIVE
To expand my experience in the field of human services using counseling, teaching
  skills and my knowledge of human development.


RELATED COURSEWORK
Social Welfare and Social Work    Family in Society    Developmental Psychology
Construction of Social Problems    Abnormal Psychology    Sociology of the Family
Counseling    Deviant Behavior    Issues in Human Sexuality    Ethics
Statistics    Study of the Personality    Human Development:  Life Span


EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
                      Employer:  Connecticut Institute for the Blind
                         Title:  Substitute Teacher/ Supervisor
                      Location:  Hartford, CT
                      Duration:  07/1992 - Present
                    Job Duties:  Implement and assist in the development and
                      performance of learning modules,vocational and educational
                      skill development  and programs created by an
                      interdisciplinary team and the classroom teacher for
                      students and adults with various physical, social
                      behavioral and developmental challenges. Record data
                      related to IEP goals. Process reports involving injury and
                      or abuse. Responsible for assisting individuals with daily
                      living tasks, individual educational programs, job
                      responsibilities and social development, increase
                      understanding of therapy goals and community participation.
                      Also responsible for administering medication and
                      maintaining medical data and legal documents.  Responsible
                      for the supervision of classroom staff, documentation,
                      scheduling, training and inservicing staff, review training
                      modules, general timekeeping, and disciplinary actions,
                      work collaboratively with parents, social workers,
                      employers, guardians, therapists and doctors. Responsible
                      for maintaining overall safety of staff and students.
                                 
                      Employer:  Self-employed
                         Title:  Property Manager
                      Location:  East Hartford
                         Dates:  06/99-Present
                                 Responsibilities include managing one employee
                                   (groundskeeper), creating and reviewing the
                                   leasing process, general accounting, record
                                   keeping, maintaining documentation for
                                   repairs, letters to tenants, legal disputes
                                   and communications, resolving tenant issues,
                                   overseeing lawn care, trash removal, snow
                                   removal and general repairs and maintenance of
                                   each unit, and participated in the Section 8
                                   rental program.


EDUCATION
                         Major:  Human Service at the University of Connecticut
                        Degree:  Bachelor of General Studies
               Completion Date:  05/2005
                                 

CERTIFICATES AND LICENSES
Medication Administration Certification/DMR
Public Service License


SPECIAL TRAINING
Specialized training includes: CPR, First Aid, PMT, PART, Human Rights and Abuse,
  Orientation and Mobility, Nursing Delegation Courses, Defensive Driving, Sign
  Language, DMR water safety, Signs and Symptoms, Infection Control, Drug free
  workplace, and Health management.