
Nancy F. Barmore
15 Yosimite Drive
(770) 310-6535
Powder Springs, GA 30127
nlbarmore@yahoo.com


CAPABILITIES

* Twenty-five years of increasing responsibilities in Accounting.
* General ledger             * Payroll            * Accounts payable
* Accounts receivable         * Banking            * Budgeting
* Forecasting              * Analysis             * Inventory
* Excel                * Access            * Depreciation

EDUCATION

State University of West Georgia, Carrollton, Georgia
12/2001
Bachelor of Business Administration Degree with a Major in Accounting,
3.18 GPA.  Accredited by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of
Business (AACSB)

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Scientific Games, Alpharetta, Georgia                       4/2005 -
12/2010
Senior Accountant.  Researched and analyzed contracts to provide
information for billing and
customer related data used for sales managers and senior staff.  Prepared
specialized reports and analyses.  Performed yearly budgeting, quarterly
revenue forecasting and monthly, quarterly and yearly variance reporting
for racing revenue. Made journal entries for month end closing.
Reconciled asset, depreciation and general ledger accounts monthly.
Tracked charges relating to work order spending.  Created and distributed
monthly P&L reports for wagering venues for internal use by field
managers. Created, simplified and refined processes used in month end to
streamline closing procedures.

CHEMSTAR CORPORATION, Lithia Springs, Georgia
2/2002- 4/2005
Assistant Controller.  Processed payroll using on line ADP payroll
system, including gathering information, record keeping and all related
general ledger entries. Reconciled general ledger accounts as needed.
Administration of 401K, medical insurance and Corporate American Express
plans.  Oversaw accounts receivable and accounts payable, including
writing checks and posting cash receipts.  Used on line banking program
to send electronic payments for expenses.  Used spreadsheets to create
reports for executive management to use in financial forecasting.  For
Food Safety Solutions, a division of Chemstar Corporation, responsible
for billing, accounts payable, accounts receivable and all related
accounting tasks, including balancing inter-company accounts, statements
and month end closing.

BANKWEST, Goodland, Kansas                                      2/1995 -
8/1997
General Ledger Accountant. Balanced and reconciled the general ledger
accounts for the main bank and two bank branches, Reconciled Cashiers
Checks, and operated proof machine part-time.  In charge of a program
called Private Business, where loans were made to customers based on
their accounts receivable; administered the calculation and deposit of
loan amounts, customers' accounts receivable including billing, receiving
and applying payments, problem solving, and reconciling all accounts to
the bank's general ledger.


Vie de France Bakery Yamazaki, Inc., Atlanta, Georgia
1/1994 - 12/1994
Assistant to the Office Manager. Entered orders, billing, cash receipts
and credits, inter-company transfers, payroll and calculated brokers
fees. General office duties as need including answering phone, faxing
confirmations and greeted customers.

Lockheed Aeronautical Systems Company, Marietta, Georgia        3/1991 -
10/1993
Staff Assistant. I first worked as a contract employee with CDI
Incorporated in the Lockheed Relocation Office.  Audited expense reports
for Lockheed employees who were being transferred from the Burbank,
California, Lockheed Plant to Marietta, Georgia.  Then converted to a
full time employee at Lockheed as a Staff Assistant.  Continued to audit
expense reports.  Worked with employees, new and current, across various
departments within Lockheed to facilitate the movement of the employees,
their dependents and personal effects.  Created a system of tracking
expenses for easier, quicker access to employee's move status.

Framed Productions Incorporated, Villa Rica, Georgia
5/1989 - 9/1990
Assistant to the Operations Manager.  General bookkeeping through the
preliminary financial statements on computer software, including accounts
receivable, accounts payable, inventory control, payroll, commissions,
bank reconciliation, depreciation and related general ledger entries on
MAS90 software.  Created specialized sales reports on Excel for use by
the sales staff and major customer to track sales.

EBCO Battery Company, Atlanta, Georgia.                     10/85 to
05/89
Assistant Bookkeeper.  Administered accounts receivable, commissions and
related general ledger entries, processed expense reports, consignments,
and sales data from a five state area.  Converted the company's accounts
receivables operation from a manual system to a computerized system in
one month without delaying the billing cycle.


* * * * * * * * * * * *
N. Barmore