
Chrystal LeWark
11924 12th Avenue Court NW * Gig Harbor, WA 98332
chrystal.lewark@comcast.net  * (253) 858-5811* (253) 225-9346 mobile

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

Result driven professional with an exemplary record of
developing strategic initiatives to enhance sales.
Thrives on challenge; initiates action;
entrepreneurial in business approach;
able to seize opportunities and demonstrates excellent
networking skills. Builds profitable rapport with peers,
management, consultants, clients, and other stakeholders.
Capable of critically evaluating and responding to diverse
sales patterns and trends. Recognized as an inspirational,
motivational manager who celebrates diversity;
proactively leads and challenges a team of geographically
disparate sales professionals. Tactful and diplomatic
communicator; able to disseminate ideas and generate action
across all levels of an organization.
Exudes energy and enthusiasm, consistently meets or exceeds
sales targets. Critically analyzes the
marketplace with respect to feasibility and profitability.

Account Profiling/Development
Margin Improvement/Revenue Gain
High-Level Relationship Management
Sales Automation Development/Training
Contract Review and Negotiation
Customer Retention Strategies
Territory Planning/Forecasting
Relationship and Team Building

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

HyperQuality LLC, Seattle, WA		6/03-Current
Global Outsourcer - Quality Assurance Services
VICE PRESIDENT OF SALES, Seattle office
Consultative sales of Outsourced Quality Assurance services to Blue Chip corporations.
Fearless Self-Starter and first sales representative
recruited reporting directly to the CEO/Founder for this start-up organization.
Relentless pursuit of new profitable business and penetration of current accounts.
Personally secured over 6 million dollars in new business
through lead generation, cold calling, lead
qualification, networking, and on-site meetings.
Closed EarthLink (2M potential), the
company's largest account within 6 months of start date.
Closed & managed significant growth of Blue Chip accounts
such as EarthLink, Accenture, Best Buy, Travelocity.com,
Guthy-Renker, Covad Communications, CVS Pharmacy, and many others.
Developed and managed formal RFP process securing business
with several Blue Chip accounts such as
American Express, Barclays, Expedia, HSBC, Cingular, and many others.
Worked with CEO and Founder and Global Team to
develop/implement an official sales process
model and managed implementation of Salesforce.com CRM.

A7 Engineering, Inc., San Diego, CA		5/02-2/03
Microsoft Windows Embedded Partner
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER, Seattle office
Directly accountable for generating Domestic and
International revenue growth (over 500K in 7.5 months) for this start-up organization.
Recruited leading web designer to design the company and a
Windows Embedded Community Newsletter site;
worked in conjunction with web designer to develop two
extremely successful sites resulting in several hits, and
over two hundred subscribers for the newsletter in two
months. The subscribers also generated
several thousand dollars in consulting and training revenue.
Created unique and aggressive marketing strategies such as
highly effective html email campaigns to reach a larger audience.
Initiated partnerships with Microsoft, Hardware and Chip
Manufacturers resulting in direct business opportunities
with companies such as Qualcomm, Intel, and Hewlett Packard.
Identified and attended key trade events
that generated many new customers and partnerships.

Annasoft Systems, Inc., San Diego, CA
(business assumed by BSquare Corporation)	2/98-4/02
Microsoft Windows Embedded Distributor
NATIONAL SALES MANAGER, MICROSOFT, Seattle office
Directly accountable for generating 1.75M/mo in worldwide
sales of Microsoft Embedded Operating Systems
maintenance/support/ and license contracts for products
such as Windows CE .NET, XP Embedded, and
Windows 2000 Enterprise Server to OEMs in the embedded market.
Personally secured over 5 million in new business in
Western Territory through lead generation, cold calling,
lead qualification, and on-site meetings.
(1999 - 5.6m, 2000 - 7.6m, 2001 - 9.6m, 2002 -11.6m).
Cultivated and managed new prospects through, Internet
research, trade show presentations, magazine
advertisements, and information/evaluation requests.
Directed 6 geographically disparate Regional Sales Managers within the U.S.
Oversaw recruitment, training and department and human resource issues.
Liaison between Annasoft and Microsoft's Embedded Systems Group.
Implemented web-based sales automation program that
resulted in seamless communication between
regional sales managers and our corporate office.
Received Certificate for Microsoft Windows Embedded Sales Training.

Synergy Microsystems, Inc., San Diego, CA		12/89-10/98
Manufacturer of Real Time hardware and software products.
SALES REPRESENTATIVE
Consultative sales of technically complex VME/PowerPC
single board computers and Real Time software to Senior
Design Engineers in the Military, Aerospace, and Telecommunications industries.
Secured new business through lead generation, cold calling,
lead qualification, and on-site technical meetings.
Cultivated and managed new leads from Internet, trade
shows, magazine advertisements, and information/evaluation requests.
Managed distributed enterprise accounts such as Boeing,
McDonnell Douglas, Motorola, Raytheon and a variety of
organizations with projects that revolve around
applications specific to satellites, telemetry, radar,
sonar, flight simulation, data acquisition, medical, and telecommunications.
Provided outstanding support by efficiently managing
resources and activities of engineering and manufacturer representatives in the field.
Worked with sales team and management to develop/implement
an official sales process model, develop/implement a sales automation package.
Top representative for new business in February and July of 1998.
Met or exceeded monthly quota of $80,000- on a regular basis.
Organized and attended bi-monthly industry related trade shows in the US and Canada.

EDUCATION

University of Phoenix - Completed Associate of Arts in General Studies.

Selected courses, workshops and seminars have included the following subjects:
Leadership
Solution Selling
Motivating for Impact
Train the Trainer
Managing People, Process & Performance
Dealing with Difficult People
Action Writing
Interviewing Techniques
Behavioral Interviewing