

FRANK SIMONETY
FS
mairimsevero.32@gmail.com | (787) 238-4193 | Miami, FL 33125




PROFESSIONAL Reliable Construction Worker offering expertise gained over 5-year career in
SUMMARY diverse labor roles. Versed in completing physically-challenging jobs and
working long hours under all types of weather conditions. Familiar with [Area
of concrete] with history of quickly learning new techniques and equipment
operation.

Meticulous Meat Cutter with 3 years of experience in meat industry. Skilled at
customer service and knowledgeable about knife,supplies use,
maintenance and repairs. Trained in customer service and quality assurance
for top-of-the-line services.


SKILLS Equipment Maintenance Rotation Procedures
Physical Strength and Stamina Preservation Methods
Hand and Power Tool Station Preparation
Operation Safety and Sanitation Standards
Team Player Meat Industry Knowledge
Strategic Goals Proper Food Temperatures
Estimation Support Meat Curing and Preservation
Safe Work Practices


WORK HISTORY Construction Worker | Carl V Carlson Company - 03/2020 - CURRENT
Renner, SD

Loaded, unloaded and moved material to and from storage and
production areas.
Determined materials needed for daily shift and loaded vehicles with
equipment and supplies.
Demonstrated safe and proper operation of equipment and tools to
prevent harm to team members.
Worked independently in fast-paced environment while meeting
productivity and quality expectations.
Brought materials and tools from trucks and storage facilities to work
site locations and organized for expected needs.
Assisted with successful, time-sensitive renovations of various
structures.
Gathered and disposed of worksite debris to remove safety hazards.

Meat Cutter | Smithfield - Sioux Falls, SD 01/2017 - 02/2019




Cut, trimmed and ground meats such as pork to prepare for
packaging and sale.
Used boning knife, skewers and twine to shape, lace and tie roasts.
Adhere to safety and cleanliness standards and maintained
equipment.
Performed meat inspections and checked temperature environment
to maximize food safety.
Verified proper inventory levels, product quality and freshness to
prevent sale of spoiled products.
Maintained and stocked display cases by transporting wrapped
products from work area or cooler to display cases.
Passed 100% inspections by closely adhering to safety and cleanliness
standards and company processes.

Civil Construction Worker | BX Construction - Dell 06/2014 - 12/2016
Rapids, SD

Worked closely with engineers, land surveyors and other key
stakeholders on different infrastructure projects.
Inspected project sites to monitor progress and adherence to design
specifications, safety protocols and state sanitation standards.
Determined building materials needed for projects.
Tested materials and tools for projects requiring special considerations.
Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving
efficiency and productivity.
Conducted traffic volume counts and compiled traffic accident data
to improve road safety and overall efficiency.


EDUCATION Escuela Rafael María De Labra, San Juan, Puerto Rico 05/2004

GED

