

JOYCE E. WHITE

15206 Jerrington Court Bowie, Maryland 20721

Email address: Pinkivy79@gmail.com Phone: (202) 438-0327

OBJECTIVE

Information Technology professional with excellent communication, customer service and interpersonal
skills. My main goal is to resolve the customer's issue at the Tier 1 level and to ensure the
customer is 100% satisfied with the way their issue was handled from start to finish. Have worked on
the following call centers: Veterans Administration, American Red Cross, Washington Metropolitan
Transit Authority and Food Drug Administration.

PROFESSIONAL HISTORY

Hard Knocks Strategies, LLC. Washington, DC June 2020 - January 2022
Deputy Field Organizer

Was responsible for contacting over 1,000 canvassers on a daily basis in the Fort Lauderdale,
Florida and Atlanta Georgia region. Had to ensure the canvassers were available to work their
assigned shifts. Had to provide the canvassers with the necessary materials they need each day.
Duties also included verifying each canvassers voter registration forms were properly completed and
did not contain any fraudulent data.


US, Food and Drug Administration, Silver Spring, MD July 2015 - July 2019
Software Analyst

Provided Workfront/AtTask Panorama application support to over 15,000 end-users in FDA (Federal Drug
Administration) CDER (Center for Drug Evaluation and Research).

* Was responsible for Ticket Management for all Panorama Help Desk incidents
* Categorize and assign all incidents to the correct Tier II group within 15 minutes
* Created tickets and assign incidents retrieved from voicemail, electronic e-mail, walk-ins and
Service Now
* Move archived documents into Documentum
* Created new user accounts and was responsible for deactivating Panorama user accounts
* Provided end users with System Administrator access in the Panorama (Production),
(Pre-production) (PPS-Dev) and (OME) platform.
* Assisted end users with archiving and removing documents and projects from the Platform
* Provided desk-side support
* Addressed end users Time Reporting issues
* Assisted end users with SSO (Single Sign On) issues
* Remoted to user's laptop via Skype and Instant Messenger
* Collaborated in writing and reviewing Knowledge base documentation used by the Panorama Help
Desk
* Was responsible for training Tier I employees

General Dynamics, Washington, DC October 2012 - March 2015
Tier 1 Tier II Support

Provided support to over 11,538 WMATA (Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority) employees.

* Assisted users with PeopleSoft Password reset issues and SSO (Single Sign On) issues
* Provided software updates and software installations
* Was responsible for assisting users with MS Office Suite issues
* Troubleshooting printer, network, and VPN issues
JOYCE E. WHITE

15206 Jerrington Court Bowie, Maryland 20721

Email address: Pinkivy79@gmail.com Phone: (202) 438-0327



CTI Resource Management Services, Inc. Washington, DC August 2010 - April 2012
Help Desk Analyst

* Provided telephone and email support
* Assisted Veterans with MyHealtheVet registration and website issues
* Was responsible for writing scripts used to respond to emails
* Monitored the MyHealtheVet network and those sites used by MyHealtheVet


EDUCATION HISTORY

BACHELOR OF ARTS, FIELD OF STUDY
Psychology
Cheyney University, Cheyney, Pennsylvania

DIPOLMA
Network Engineering and Management
Computer Learning Center, Alexandria, Virginia

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Microsoft Active Directory - Cisco VPN Software -Microsoft Office- Printer Issues

TRAINING

Service Now - Silver Spring, Maryland Workfront - Silver Spring, Maryland,
Avaya ACD Call Routing System - 2001 Falls Church Virginia and 2016 - Silver Spring, Cisco Call
Routing System-Maryland Remedy Call Tracking System -1999 Bethesda Maryland, Clarify Help Desk Call
Tracking System - 2001 Falls Church Virginia and Maximo Help Desk Call Tracking System - 2012
Washington DC

CERTIFICATIONS

MCP Certification 1987- Silver Spring, Maryland
HDI Certification 2002 - Silver Spring, Maryland
Workfront/AtTask 2015 - Silver Spring, Maryland

ITIL Foundation Certification in IT Service Management 2006 - Silver Spring, Maryland
Level 2/3 Problem Manager

AWARDS

Help Desk Analyst Award 2004 - American Red Cross Falls Church, Virginia

1

