

Marney Robinson
5902 Ayers St. #28
Corpus Christi, TX 78415 US
361-683-8738 - Ext:
Email: mrob51780@gmail.com

Availability:    Job Type: Permanent
Work Schedule: Full-Time

Desired locations:
United States - TX
    Work Experience:

    AAY Security, LLC

    08/2019-Present
    Salary: $16/Hr
    Hours per week: 40
    Security Officer
    Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:
    Patrolled industrial and commercial premises to prevent and detect signs
    of intrusion and ensure security of doors, windows, and gates. Answered alarms and investigate
    disturbances. Monitored and authorized entrance and departure of employees, visitors, and other
    persons to guard against theft and maintain security of premises.


    Alliance Protection Services
    15834 Grenadine Dr.
    Corpus Christi, TX 78418

    09/2017-07/2019
    Salary: $12/Hr
    Hours per week: 60
    Security Officer
    Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:
    Patrolled industrial and commercial premises to prevent and detect signs
    of intrusion and ensure security of doors, windows, and gates. Answered alarms and investigate
    disturbances. Monitored and authorized entrance and departure of employees, visitors, and other
    persons to guard against theft and maintain security of premises. Wrote reports of daily activities
    and irregularities, such as equipment or property damage, theft, presence of unauthorized persons,
    or unusual occurrences. Called police or fire departments in cases of emergency, such as fire or
    presence of unauthorized persons. Circulated among visitors, patrons, and employees to preserve
    order and protect property. Answered telephone calls to take messages, answered questions, and
    provided information during nonbusiness hours or when the switchboard was closed. Warned persons
    of rule infractions or violations, and apprehended or evicted violators from premises, using force
    when necessary. Operated detecting devices to screen individuals and prevent passage of prohibited
    articles into restricted areas. Escorted and drove motor vehicles to transport individuals to
    specified locations and to provide personal protection Apprehended suspects and released them to law
    enforcement authorities or security personnel. Conferred with establishment officials, security
    departments,




    Texas Department of Criminal Justice
    12120 Savage Dr.
    Midway, TX 75852 United States

    05/2015 - 02/2017
    Salary: $2728 USD per month
    Hours per week: 48
    Correctional Officer
    Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:
    Searches for contraband and provides security; counts, feeds, and supervises offenders in housing,
    work, and other areas accessed by stairs; and maintains security of various assigned areas. Provides
    custody and security of offenders including observing actions of offenders, squatting and bending to
    perform "pat" and "strip" searches of offenders, restraining and securing sometimes assaultive
    offenders, and transferring and transporting offenders by
    walking or riding in various vehicles such as trailers, vans, buses, and other forms of
    transportation. Responds to emergencies, including climbing stairs and ladders while searching for
    escaped offenders, hearing calls for and calling for help, giving first aid at the emergency site,
    carrying an injured or unconscious offender or employee various distances to safety up or down
    stairs and ladders; and uses force and deadly force, including the use of chemical agents and
    firearms, to control offenders.
    Supervisor: Lieutenant Rapporlee
    Ok to contact this Supervisor? No


    L-3 Communications
    10221 Ave E, Bldg. 1770
    Corpus Christi, TX 78419 United States

    08/2012 - 02/2015
    Salary: 15.28 USD Per Hour
    Hours per week: 40

    Aircraft Maintenance Trades Helper
    Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:
    I have experience in operating industrial washers while utilizing steam pressure, degreaser
    solution, and required solvents to remove dirt, grease, paint, etc. from a variety of aircraft
    engine parts. Ensure that nicks, burrs, and rust pits removed from parts. I can determine the proper
    sequence of cleaning processes and time exposure of parts required to avoid possible damage to parts
    and meet the degree of required cleanliness and acceptability. I have sprayed parts and equipment
    with cleaning solution, and I operated control valves on the steam pressure cleaner and on the
    degreasing machine to control the flow of steam and cleaning solution. I have mixed chemicals and
    cleaners in solutions. I manually washed and cleaned engine parts in tanks of hot or cold cleaning
    solutions. I have experience in hand cleaning parts with brushes and other hand tools. I have
    applied corrosion preventive compound by dipping parts in tanks or vats.

    Supervisor: Corrie Jackson (361-961-0595)
    Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes




    City of Corpus Christi
    820 N. Shoreline Blvd
    Corpus Christi, TX 78401 United States

    01/2010 - 08/2012
    Salary: 10.50 USD Per Hour
    Hours per week: 40

    Marina Patrol
    Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:
    Assists in maintaining the physical security of all marina facilities and grounds maintaining
    vigilance for fire, vandalism and prowlers. Receives incident reports, assesses conditions and
    reports status to supervisor with recommendations for actions to be taken. Uses judgment to retrieve
    and send information ensuring that accurate information is promptly dispatched where needed.
    Receives incoming messages, and other documents reviews for content, and distributes for further
    action, or provides information in response to inquiry. Receives messages and tasking. Reviews them
    for content, determines actions/coordination that must be taken to address the situation, and
    provides requested information or forwards to supervisor for further action. When the situation
    warrants, executes contingency plans ensuring effective use of the resources in addressing the
    situation. Performs work in accordance with procedures contacting supervisor for guidance in unusual
    situations. In the absence of the supervisor, uses
    independent judgment to respond to situations. Determines methods to collect data and evaluate the
    situation in determining the next steps in executing plans.

    Assists in maintaining the physical security of all marina facilities and grounds by monitoring
    video monitors to ensure that only authorized personnel access the marina facilities and docks.
    Maintains journal of all incoming and outgoing actions, messages, reports, and other correspondence.
    Maintains marina docks by monitoring security system card readers/alarm system. Ensures security of
    building access by conducting after hours building checks; monitors access 24/7 (on rotating
    shifts), recording access of personnel entering marina facilities. Experienced in maintaining plans
    and executes building evacuation for emergency situations applying judgment to address the immediate
    situation. Maintains alert roster. Maintains, activates, and implements emergency alert rosters and
    procedures for use during activation alerts, evacuations, and emergencies. When directed by
    competent authority, executes all disaster mobilization and evacuation of marina tenants and
    personnel. This support work includes but is not limited to; Severe Weather (Hurricanes, Tornados,
    and inclement weather), bomb threats, fire evacuation. Coordinates actions with first responders
    (police, fire department, bomb squad).

    Supervisor: Rene Garza (361-826-3980)
    Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes


    Corpus Christi ISD
    801 Leopard St.
    Corpus Christi, TX 78401 United States

    12/2007 - 01/2010
    Salary: 8.31 USD Per Hour
    Hours per week: 40

    Custodian
    Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:
    Perform all basic cleaning tasks required (sweeping/emptying trash and recycle bins/mopping)
    according to the established schedule of frequency to maintain the school building, grounds and
    utilities in sanitary status. Respond to requests of faculty and staff to provide assistance for
    moving equipment or furniture. Set up and take down furniture for special events. Replace bulbs as
    needed. Restock toilet facilities daily or as needed with paper supplies. Grounds maintenance duties
    as assigned (fertilize/trim bushes/sweep). Operate a variety of miscellaneous equipment (e.g. lawn &
    garden equipment, vacuum, floor cleaning equipment) as required. Perform other duties related to
    building and systems maintenance as assigned.

    Supervisor: Mark Butler (361-876-6769)
    Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes




    Andy Frain Security
    5372 Fredericksburg Rd
    San Antonio, TX 78229 United States

    07/2005 - 12/2007
    Salary: 8.00 USD Per Hour
    Hours per week: 40

    Security Officer
    Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:
    Patrolled industrial and commercial premises to prevent and detect signs
    of intrusion and ensure security of doors, windows, and gates. Answered alarms and investigate
    disturbances. Monitored and authorized entrance and departure of employees, visitors, and other
    persons to guard against theft and maintain security of premises. Wrote reports of daily activities
    and irregularities, such as equipment or property damage, theft, presence of unauthorized persons,
    or unusual occurrences. Called police or fire departments in cases of emergency, such as fire or
    presence of unauthorized persons. Circulated among visitors, patrons, and employees to preserve
    order and protect property. Answered telephone calls to take messages, answered questions, and
    provided information during nonbusiness hours or when the switchboard was closed. Warned persons
    of rule infractions or violations, and apprehended or evicted violators from premises, using force
    when necessary. Operated detecting devices to screen individuals and prevent passage of prohibited
    articles into restricted areas. Escorted and drove motor vehicles to transport individuals to
    specified locations and to provide personal protection Apprehended suspects and released them to law
    enforcement authorities or security personnel. Conferred with establishment officials, security
    departments,
    police, or postal officials to identify problems, provide information, and receive instructions.
    Monitored industrial or commercial properties to enforce conformance to establishment rules, and to
    protect people or property. Observed and documented activities of individuals in order to detect
    unlawful acts or to obtain evidence for cases, using binoculars and still or video cameras. Obtained
    and analyzed information on suspects, crimes, and disturbances in order to solve cases, to identify
    criminal activity, and to gather information for court cases. Questioned persons to obtain evidence
    for information about individuals' character or financial status.

    Supervisor: Paul Huffenberger (210-340-1009)
    Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes




    U.S. Navy
    United States

    08/1999 - 08/2003
    Salary: 1,700.00 USD Per Month

    Yeoman
    Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:
    Created military Identification Cards, maintained military service records, performed clerical tasks
    while maintaining confidentiality. Stood roving watches on a rotating shift basis. Assisted
    customers with personnel issues. Provided clerical and administrative support. Received calls and
    greeted visitors; Assembled and dispatched outgoing distribution; Prepared and typed correspondence,
    personnel and administrative forms, statistical reports, technical data, etc., from rough drafts,
    brief instructions, or notes; Skilled typist; Established and maintained office files, records, logs
    and manuals. Gathered data, maintained a variety of controls/logs reflecting office activities;
    Maintained calendar and scheduled appointments; Requisitioned office supplies, blank forms, and
    printing and maintenance services.

    Education:
    Tuloso-Midway Corpus Christi, TX United States
    High School Diploma 05/1999




    Language Skills:
    Language    Spoken    Written    Read
    English    Advanced    Advanced    Advanced



References:

Name    Employer    Title    Phone    Email
Jeff Blanton (*)    Nueces County    361-726-6328
John Bernal (*)    Alliance Patrol    361-290-0001
Joseph Ballard (*)    AAY Security    361-739-8533


(*) Indicates professional reference

Additional Information:

Proficient in MS Word/Office, type 52 WPM




