
Olaoluwa Popoola



        0-902-338-4151              olaoluwapopoola7@gmail.com                  Ileife, Osun 220222


CAREER OBJECTIVE


Proactive professional with experience in efficiency improvement, environmental health and safety and equipment
management. Frequently praised as quality-oriented by peers, I can be relied upon to help your company achieve its
goals.


EXPERIENCE


PRODUCTION HELPER, Osogbo, Osun
Joyful Nigeria Enterprise ,  September 2018-Present

  *   Operated machines safely by following OSHA standards.
  *   Reviewed weight of products to meet product specifications.

  *   Conducted quality checks and recorded observations to maintain records.

  *   Prepared products for packaging on multiple assembly lines.
  *   Followed written instructions, diagrams and drawings to fulfill product needs.

  *   Inspected products ready for shipping to prevent delivery mistakes and confirm correct product standards.
  *   Attached identification labels to finished products for easy spotting.
  *   Monitored assembly work to identify defects in raw materials.

  *   Used hand trucks and powered lifts to move finished products between manufacturing facility and distributors.

  *   Lifted raw materials, finished products and packed items, manually and using hoists.
  *   Loaded and unloaded items from conveyor belts and machines.

  *   Started machines and equipment to begin production processes.
  *   Removed products, machine attachments and waste material from machines.
  *   Examined products to verify conformance to quality standards.

  *   Supplied materials according to managerial requests.

  *   Operated machinery used in production process, and assisted machine operators.
  *   Observed equipment operations so that malfunctions can be detected and notify operators of any malfunctions.
  *   Cleaned and lubricated equipment per instructions.

  *   Separated products according to weight and material composition.
  *   Dumped materials such as prepared ingredients into machine hoppers prior to mixing.
  *   Directed them to move products during production process.

  *   Washed work areas and equipment to facilitate rapid product assembly.
  *   Mixed ingredients accorded to specified procedures and formulas.
  *   Prepared raw materials for processing.

ADMINISTRATION OFFICER, Ife, Osun
SCICS Limited.,  July 2006-August 2018




  *   Greeted visitors and directed patrons to appropriate locations or departments.

  *   Scheduled facility cleanings, repairs and remodels to create inviting and pleasant work environment.

  *   Updated client and employee information, financial records and schedules in company databases.
  *   Made reservations and booked accomodations for company trips, meetings and events.
  *   Handled vendor relations and negotiated contract renewals, terms and expirations.

  *   Prepared spreadsheets, documents and data analysis reports for presentations and supervisor review.
  *   Coordinated employee schedules and set dates for company meetings and appointments.

  *   Tracked company inventories to prevent shortages and minimize equipment losses.

  *   Performed invoicing and budget tracking tasks to monitor financial progress.
  *   Distributed memos, messages and faxes to appropriate parties to improve company correspondence.
  *   Trained newly hired employees regarding company procedures, standards and goals.

  *   Organized meetings and disseminated company information to employees.
  *   Collected, sorted and delivered mail for staff members and customers.

  *   Arranged meetings and appointments according to staff availability and updated company calendars.

  *   Calculated product quantities and ordered new items to prevent shortages.
  *   Answered questions and concerns regarding company products, services and prices.
  *   Recorded customer transactions and filed receipts.

  *   Utilized statistical analysis to gauge company productivity.
  *   Updated account information in company databases.


EDUCATION


ADVANCED CERTIFICATE IN DATA PROCESSING , Akure, ONDO
Federal University of Technology ,     February 2012

Relevant Coursework                                                Extracurricular Activities

 Information Technology         Software Installation                Microsoft Execl

Esaoke, OSUN
Osun State College of Technology,        December 2008


SKILLS


 Environmental Compliance          Critical Thinking     Complex Problem-Solving          Teamwork And Communication


 Material Loading And Unloading          Production Efficiency      Reading And Determining Measurements


 Time Management          Production Processes         Accurate Weights       Quality Inspections And Reporting


 Maintaining Clean Work Areas         Current Good Manufacturing Practices (CGMP)            Learning Strategies


 Personnel Records        Health Information Policy And Procedure Development             Data Entry Software




LANGUAGES

  *   Finnish
      Beginner

      Online training(Duolingo)


REFERENCES


References available upon request


ENGLISH


I am a dedicated professional, who works under extreme pressure, and longer working hours, and have great courtesy
while handling employees with my team working skills. I believe you will find me an invaluable asset to your organization
if picked to fill up the vacancy.