
Maria Lopez

617 E. Palmer Ave
Glendale, ca 91205
323687-2208
maferseb30@hotmail.com

Experience

San judas community center
Glendale, CA Nov 28 present
Los Angeles, CA
Phlebotomist

I relieved chart from the physicians and entered the patients information
and retrieve lab orders from the computer. Setup the test tubes and needles
for use. When the patients come in to lab. I'll introduce myself and explain
to the patients that I will be there Phlebotomist for the day. Once specimen
is collected I'll write down the one log, level out the test tubes and balance
out the tubes in the centrifuge. When the tubes are finished spinning I'll
place tubes together in the biohazard bag and put in the fridge.

Lesiure vale
Glendale, Ca Jan 16, 2019-2020
caregiver

Help with frontdesk answering phone calls and taking messages for nurses
and the adminstrator by inputting it into the computer. I am also caregiver
full-time. I help the residents get ready for bed. Which includes giving
showers, laundry, change diapers when needed.

Vivacare
San Bernardino and Rialto March 9, 2018- june 2018
caregiver

Working with 5 patients in each house. I help get their day started by getting
their breakfast ready with their medications. After breakfast and
administrator their medications. Give them bath and help prep for their
baths. I do light housekeeping and laundry. Then I see if there need a diaper
change. Then I fix lunch and dinner with their medications. Change their
diapers and have them go to bed. At the end of the day I log down the care I
provided to the patients.

Tender Touch
Pinewood elementary school Apr, 2017/September, 2017
mentor

1-on-1 mentor for a little girl with autism disability. Follow the little girl
around to make sure she and the other kids are safe. I just monitor her
behavior by reminding her what her rewards are if she follows directions
and not go into a tantrum when she does not get her way.

ALL AMERICAN SECURITY
TOLL MIDDLE SCHOOL OCT ,2016/Feb, 2017
security
Walk around the campus making sure kids are not ditching class and lock gates
so the kids are safe from off campus intruders. I also checked the girls locker
room and girls restrooms to see if the girls don't just hang in there between
classes. Supervise the snack and lunch area to make sure that the kids mess

SKILLS
Administrator meds


Change diapers


Type 30 wpm


Microsoft word


Excell


Powerpoint


Faxing docs


Photocopy


Customer service


Vital signs


Injections


Venipunctures


Ecg


Phone calls


Basic first aid and cpr


Minor office surgery


Assisting with the physical
examination


   Awards
  Food card


    Cpr first aid


      Med Assist


      Guard card

around that could hurt them.
Santa photography   workshop  ,                                                            Home care reg

Glendale CA-sales crew Nov-2014-Jan 2015                                              Cpt certified phlebotomy tec

Greet customers and explain photo package deals and tell them the deal of
the merchandise that is on stock. I also printed photos and take in payments
from customers. I also stock in more items and put price tags on the
merchandise.

Sheila Debnath, Glendale Ca
Oct-2011-feb-13
Medical assistant

Take in the patient's medical insurance, get the room ready for the patients,
and call in the patients for their vitals and record the patient's medical vitals
and ask the reason for their visit. I also scheduled their next doctor

Reyna fonseca
Oct-2009-feb-2010
caregiver

I bathed her, I go for errands, and doctor appointments, prepared meals,
brush her hair, put her in the power chair and dress her.


EDUCATION

Glendale High -diploma
06/00
general basic required classes plus art class, culinary class, and cosmetology
class as choice of extra advance class


Glendale Career College-diploma

09/11

brief Medical Billing, terminology, anatomy, and phlebotomy medical
assistant




LAvocational institute
06/22

Introduce myself to patients and identifying the patients by their full name and
date of birth. Withdrawal blood specimen using a vacutainer syringe and a
butterfly wing set. And I also did capillaries using lancets.

