
VICKIE MITCHELL
                                    67 County Road 44350
                                     Powderly, TX 75473
                                    Home: 903-732-5350
                                      Cell: 580-326-1758
                                 Vmitchell2000@yahoo.com

KBR

01/16 - Present Corpus Christi, TX
Administrative Specialist IV

Provide support and oversight of HR operations at a 200+ employee construction project; supporting the
full-cycle talent acquisition, facilitate on boarding and orientation programs, and maintain compliance
with company policies and state and federal labor regulations. Respond to and resolve employee issues,
remaining professional, approachable, and discreet. Promote diversity and teamwork across the
organization to drive objectives and create a positive work environment. Recruited employees, looking
for productive and skilled employees for the organization. Managed employee disputes and conducting
exit interviews of the employees. Maintain detailed records of the employees; their salaries,
performance, leaves, etc. Implement disciplinary rules in the company and explain company policies to
the employees.


11/14 - 01/16 Ghent, KY
Administrative Specialist IV
Greeted potential employees and assisted them with use of computers to complete online applications.
Conducted New Employee Orientations ensuring proper completion of all employment-related
documents, e.g. I-9's, per diem, W-4, etc. Entered new hire and separation information using SAP, and
maintained hard-copy personnel files. Drafted responses for unemployment claims. Provided
administrative assistance to Employee Relations Manager and Recruiter.

1/2012- 11/2013 Mountain Pass CA
Administrative Assistant III
Processed Accounts Payables and maintained various reports to ensure all invoices were processed in a
timely manner. Processed Subcontract invoices verifying the billed information was in compliance with
the contract. Verified receiving information to ensure invoices were in compliance with the purchase
orders. Ordered and maintained office supplies for the project including the maintenance on copiers
and other office equipment. Worked with Dubai Transaction Center to correct or clarify any issues in
processing invoices. Tracked rental equipment and issued requisitions to increase rental agreement
commitments.


Pate Taraborelli Partners,




6/2010-1/2012 Mt. Pleasant, TX
Project Assistant
Managed a one-person office, greeting visitors and providing information as requested. Planned working
lunches/dinners for the partners, County Commissioners and or Texas Department of Transportation
officials when needed. Ordered and maintained office supplies for the project. Distributed packages of
plans and bid information as vendors applied and collected the required fees. Ensured the meeting
rooms were prepared for all meetings private and public. Transported the company officers to and from
the airport when they flew into town for meetings. Delivered documents and drawings to the State DOT
and City Manager's offices as needed. Delivered the leases for housing to the appropriate homeowners
for the Construction Engineers and Project Manager.




ProActive Solutions, Inc.,

3/2010-5/2010 Forney, TX
Project Administrative Assistant
Worked on a shut-down at a power plant accounting for all costs associated with the project including
time, per diem, mileage and other overhead expensed to the job. Submitted timesheets to the main
office daily. Acted as the project Liaison to the client's accounting team verifying billable expenses or
any purchase order discrepancies. Obtained quotes and purchased tools and supplies as needed and
completed rental agreements for needed equipment.


BE&K Industrial Services (acquired by KBR),

3/2003-6/2009 Decatur, AL
Project Secretary/Safety Assistant
Project Secretary to Project Manager and Safety Assistant to the Safety Manager. Created and
maintained Access databases for all annual safety training, equipment inspections, audits, and Near
Miss/HSSE programs. Maintained all records and sign-in sheets. Tracked and prepared graphs to ensure
deficits were corrected in a timely manner. Ensured all needed information was passed on to Planners if
a work order was needed to correct any item. Maintained records of all annual fit testing for
respirators. Ensured all safety training was completed in accordance to a preset schedule. Organized
recognition and special occasion lunches as well as holiday meals for the maintenance group and the
client. Assisted Office Manager with payroll, accounts payable, recruiting and purchasing as needed.
Verified TSTI/Pre-Task cards were completed prior to each job, counted and filed.


Nepco Construction,
7/02-11/02  Southaven, MS
Chief Timekeeper




Using a brass system, ensured approximately 300 employees clocked in and out. Supervised three
employees including night shift to balance time and enter to payroll database using SAP. Responded to
employee questions related to payroll and insurance. Sourced and prepared purchase orders for office
furniture for the project trailers ensuring they were set up as specified. Assisted Office and Project
Managers on special projects as needed.


BE&K Construction

11/2001 - 7/2002 Vicksburg, MS

Document Control/Project Secretary/Start-Up Administrative Assistant

Received, recorded and distributed all drawings for project. Assisted Project Engineer by tracking all
processes to completion. Audited and maintained all drawings to ensure latest revisions were being
utilized. Filed documentation and incoming correspondence, and maintained files for the Project
Superintendent. Prepared and verified documentation included in the Turn-Over packages for the
client. Performed various assignments for the Project Superintendent, Project Manager, Safety and
Human Resources.

09/2000 - 11/2001 Kosmosdale, KY
Document Control/Start-Up Administrative Assistant
Received, recorded and distributed all drawings for project. Audited and maintained all drawings to
ensure utilization of latest revisions. Filed and tracked documentation and correspondence for the
Project Engineer. Maintained and tracked all systems for the Start-Up Engineers utilizing Access
database. Prepared and verified information included in the turn-over packages for the client. Liaison
to the client's start-up team. Processed Accounts Payable invoices including subcontractor invoices.

Pritchard,

01/1998 - 7/2000 Garyville, LA
Payroll Manager
Entered time for approximately 250 employees utilizing the brass system. Maintained necessary records
on all hours worked to correctly pay out the awarded bonuses for the project. Completed requested
projects for the supervisors, Office Manager and the Project Manager as needed.


BE&K Construction

07/1997 - 12/1997 , Valliant, OK
Start-Up Administrative Assistant
Tracked all systems and prepared and verified information in the turnover packages for the client.
Audited and maintained all drawings to ensure the latest revisions were being utilized.




04/1996 - 07/1997 Wickliffe, KY
Receiving Clerk/Start-Up Administrative Assistant
Expedited material and equipment as it was delivered to the job site. Tracked fuel usage and deliveries.
Entered delivery receipts into the system. Monitored and tracked progress of systems; prepared and
verified all documentation in the turnover packages. Audited and maintained all drawings to ensure the
latest revisions were being utilized.


Education: Brookhaven College - 2 year program for Accounting/Administrative Management



Proficient in Word, Excel, Access, Power Point, SAP, J. D. Edwards and various accounting software.