
J                 R



         2500 North Rainbow Apt 1026, Las vegas, NV 89108 * (702) 821-5887 * jordynrogers14@yahoo.com


                                        P S

Results-oriented Customer Service Professional who excels at uncovering customer needs, finding solutions and
handling objections. Top performer with a consistent track record of meeting and exceeding goals.

                                                   S

    Customer service background                            Quick learner
    Retention strategies knowledge                         Goal-oriented
    Positive and friendly                                  Trusted key holder
    Cash handling and management

                                             W H

Sales Associate
Guess Inc - Las Vegas, NV
    Answered questions regarding store policies and merchandise.
    Suggested accessories and complementary purchases.
    Followed latest market trends to contribute suggestions seasonal buys.
    Directed individuals to merchandise locations.
    Greeted customers and ascertained needs to ensure high-quality service and appropriate product
    recommendations.
    Maintained records related to sales, returns and inventory availability.
    Worked collaboratively in team environment.


Customer Retention Specialist  , 07/2018 to Current
Sutherland Global Services   - Las Vegas, NV
    Adhered to appropriate legal scripting when required.
    Provided excellent customer service and ensured customer satisfaction.
    Fostered a positive work environment by consistently treating all employees and customers with respect
    and consideration.
    Answered customer telephone calls promptly and in an appropriate manner.
    Investigated and resolved customer inquiries and complaints in a timely and empathetic manner.




    Exceeded clients' expectations by compassionately gathering required medical and work history
    information to complete [Type]  applications.
    Responded to all customer inquiries thoroughly and professionally.
    Directed calls to appropriate individuals and departments.


Team Lead  , 11/2017 to 07/2018
Papa Johns International Inc.  - Las Vegas, NV
    Implemented company policies, technical procedures and standards for preserving the integrity and security
    of data, reports and access.
    Developed work-flow charts and diagrams to ensure production team compliance with client deadlines.
    Designed and implemented new server standards for core business services.


Tanning Consultant  , 01/2017 to 11/2017
Palm Beach Tan Inc.   - Las Vegas, NV
    Assigned clients to appropriate facilities based on desired treatments and health needs.
    Maintained clean and stocked front counter area.
    Educated clients on health and safety of tanning facilities and procedures.
    Worked with clients of all types to increase profile and status through effective styling.
    Restocked linen and laundry in all areas of the spa.
    Entered customer demographic and preference data on salon computer database.
    Managed salon autonomously during manager's vacation and while hiring new management staff.

                                                E

High School Diploma   : 2017
Cimarron Memorial High School      - Las Vegas, NV