

Mireya Vanessa Molina
909 South Knott Ave. Apt. 41
Anaheim, California 92804
Cell Number: (714) 326-356
Email: molina.mia1810@gmail.com

SUMMARY: I provided expert guidance and assistance in the management of complex projects, tasks, and
action items, keeping the businesses manager informed of critical developments. Monitor progress and
provide
feedback or advice to achieve the desired goals of the business. These assignments involve
interaction with all
levels of management.

PROFESSIONAL HISTORY
Velavi Heating and Cooling Inc.
Accounting
October 18, 2021, to Present
13821 San Antonio Dr.
Norwalk, CA. 90650
Supervisor: Karen Avila , (562) 474-8333

PERFORM THE FULL RANGE OF PROGRAM AND MANAGEMENT SKILLS: Assist company owner in
using their funds in a more cost efficient and cost-effective manner in support of their goals.
COST ACCOUNTING: Analyze, examine, and interpret accounting data, records, and reports to determine
past
costs, identify improperly recorded costs, and reallocate cost to ensure they are recorded in proper
cost
structure.
Advice and assistance to management on QuickBooks, accounting, and financial management matters,
analyzes
information, resolves conflicting data, and formulates recommendations for management decisions.
MANAGERIAL ACCOUNTING: Accounting advice and recommendations to program managers and the
installation staff.
Determine, selects, organizes, and analyzes appropriate data for the effectiveness and efficiency of
operations
for use in executing performance measurements.
Interpret financial management policy and provides guidance to staff elements.
Identify, monitor, and report trends and performance measurements that will aid managers in making
financial
management decisions.
PLAN: Coordinate and perform comprehensive reviews, special studies, and selective internal
examinations of
functions pertaining to cost management environment.

Irving Independent School District / Lady Bird Johnson Middle School
Special Education Life Aid/ Records Management
August 5, 2019, to Present
3601 West Pioneer Drive
Irving, Texas 75061
Supervisor: Charlie Alday, (972) 600-0505, (972) 7983-7544

PERFORM THE FULL RANGE OF PROGRAM AND MANAGEMENT ANALYSIS ACTIVITIES IN
SUPPORT OF SPECIAL EDUCATION LIFE AID: Active learning classrooms designed to meet the needs of
learners that require exploration to learn but have not made meaningful connections between the
things they
explore and their function.




QUALITY ASSURANCE: Service provided to students in special education who are typically working on or
near grade level.
INFORMATION AND DATA COLLECTION: Learning in a Functional Environment (LIFE) program is a
self-contained educational program for students with significant developmental disabilities in
grades K-12 that
access the state standards through pre-requisite skills. In addition to academic instruction in all
core subjects,
LIFE programs also provide instruction in communication, daily living, and vocation.
MANAGEMENT SKILLS: Resource Program is designed to serve Special Education students who have been
identified as needing extensive modifications and accommodations that could not be provided in the
General
Education classroom.
ORAL COMMUNICATION: Preschool Programs for Children with Disabilities range of services available
for
children who are ages 3-5 and who qualify for special education services.
The goal of the PPCD program is to provide early special education intervention to students with a
focus on
cognitive skills, social-emotional needs, language and communication skills, and physical skills so
that children
may be educated in an inclusive setting and to learn skills that they can further utilize as they
transition into the
elementary school setting.
PROGRAM MANAGEMENT: Responsible for assisting records department in collecting and maintain
student's health records and adhere to medical documentation per nursing regulations. Document
completed in
a timely manner in district electronic medical program and records.

Irving Independent School District / Lady Bird Johnson Middle School
Administrative Parent Liaison
January 11, 2019, to August 5, 2019
3601 West Pioneer Drive
Irving, Texas 75061
Supervisor: Charlie Alday, (972) 600-0505, (972) 7983-7544

PROGRAM AND MANAGEMENT ANALYSIS ACTIVITIES IN SUPPORT OF ADMINISTRATIVE
LIAISON: Provide a variety of essential to the Irving Independent School District on maintain
accurate and
complete student data records and confidentiality of information. Prepare and process all documents
necessary
to maintain accurate and complete student records for personnel as assigned, while demonstrating
support for
district mission and goals.
QUALITY ASSURANCE: Always ensure confidentiality of information with specialized experience
demonstrating the ability to perform complex office automation duties with students' files by using
word
processing to edit and reformat lengthy correspondence reports and gathering data for route reports.
CUSTOMER SERVICE/PROBLEM SOLVING: Translate to parents/guardians, about the requirements of
registration and administrative forms that need to be completed at the time of registration. In
addition to
scheduling meeting with parents regarding students' requirement for registration or Admission,
Review and
Dismissal (ARD) meetings, as well as attending and acting as their translator at the meetings.
Translate and assist student with test questions, whose first native language is Spanish.
Volunteer by assisting Special Education Inclusion Aid and Teachers in the after-school program with
students
that have disabilities by furnishing appropriate personnel time. In addition to maintaining
knowledge and
compliance with all state and district policies, regulations, and expectations concerning primary
job functions.
APPLY TECHNICAL ACUMEN: Office automation software to create graphics, database, spreadsheets, and
other word-processing software system for editing, and creating office documents and correspondence.
Maintain accurate and update information in personnel files for current employees and route reports
for further




review. Serve as a backup during the district process testing week, including providing support to
Staffing
Coordinators by gathering documentations and processing transfers as needed.
Analyze, and summarize information relating to the designated security requirements; develop plans
for
approaches that may be taken; define the level of risk involved for each plan; and recommend a
course of action
to meet assignment objectives. Specific functions include, staffing, personnel actions, employee
benefits and
pay, performance management and incentive awards, employee and labor relations, training, and
employee
development. Evaluates, schedules, and organizes interviews with parents.
WRITTEN COMMUNICATION: Perform complex office automation duties requiring different approaches and
methods from one assignment to another; providing routine information and assistance on a variety of
management service essential to the direction and operation of the office; maintain subject matter
files,
technical instructions, and/ or operating procedures.
Provide responsive customer support operations, as well as timely performance metrics and reporting.
EDUCATION
MacArthur High School-June-2015-Diploma
North Lake Community College-August-2018 - Associate Degree-Liberal Arts
University of Texas at El Paso June 2020- Present - Cyber Security
SPECIALIZED TRAINING/COURSES
* Microsoft Office 2010: Suite
* Timekeeping system of record
* Stands for Systems, Applications and Products in Data Processing
* Employee Verification with Department of Homeland Security
* Certified Personal Identification Verification Card Issuer
* Learning Framework
* Psychology
* Public Speaking
* Apple products, including iPads and Mac desktops
* Typing 50 + WPM
* Experience with medical insurance (understanding of costs, deductibles, copays, coverage)
* Customer Service
* Elementary Statistical Methods
* Federal Government
* Lifespan Growth and Development
* Government
* Sociology
* Biology
* Marriage and the Family
* Ethics
* C.P.R Certification




Mireya V. Molina Page 3

