

Romona Czichos
lonestarr@sbcglobal.net
Cell: 831-297-2034 - SOUTH BAY AREA
WEB/UI/UX DESIGNER/DEVELOPER

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
PhotoShop, JavaScript, JQuery, Illustrator, WindowsOS, HTML 4 & 5, PPC MacOS, DreamWeaver, MS Office
Suite, CSS 2 & 3, Acrobat, Premiere, ACCESS, FTP, Adobe Creative Suite, Adobe Captivate, Visual
Studio, ADA, Responsive Design, Bootstrap, Angular, Motion Graphics, Git

Education:
    *      GED
    *      A.A. Multi-Media Communications and Design, Masters Institute (vocational school), San Jose,
      CA.
    *      3 years of Computer Science courses from Cappella and Regis online University from 2009 to
      2015

CERTIFICATION AND TRAINING:
    *      Gavilan College 2009 (PHP and MYSQL)
    *      CSU Monterey Bay, Ca 2008 (ActionScript object-oriented programming CS3)

DETAILED CAREER HISTORY
Web Developer/Designer/UI/UX, Freelance      February 2017 to Present
Designing, developing UI/UX. Built prototypes using Adobe XD. Creating forms with HTML5 and CSS3,
SASS, wire frames, Photoshop creating graphics and design layout. Extensive use of Adobe suite for
creating assets and design, including motion graphics. Using JavaScript and jQuery, Angular for
single page application. Using BootStrap for responsive design. Ensuring compatibility with popular
browsers and OS. Developing in Visual Studio. Extensive use of Git. 508 ADA compliant. Using MS
Office Suite for correspondence and quick presentations.

Production Manager for Cox Communications, during the Tokyo Olympic games. Research for content to
put into play list. Create program menus. Update content throughout the Olympic Games.      UI/UX for
Deloitte/State of Maryland, Developing in Visual Studio. Extensive use of Git. Making site 508 ADA
compliant.

Web Developer
22nd Century/Defense Language Institute Monterey, Ca      May 2013 - November 2016
Creating UI/UX Design, wireframes, full web pages and application that are compatible with Firefox,
Safari, Chrome and IE and mobile devices. Extensive use of Adobe suite for creating assets and
design. Using responsive design techniques that include media queries for screen size and BootStraps
grid system to modify how the page layout looks for multiple screen sizes and devices both large and
small. Using HTML 5, CSS 3, JavaScript framework JQuery, and JavaScript to build components and
create interactivity. Using TFS as a CMS Currently working with Bootstrap for mobile devices. Worked
with AngularJS2 to pre-populate forms fields that used information of the person who is logged-in.
Visual Studio experience. Limited SharePoint 2013 and LESS experience. Using MS Office Suite for
correspondence and quick presentations.

Web Developer
TCS/Vanguard Malvern, Pa      October 2012 - May 2013
Converting interactive and data driven Flash components into HTML using HTML 5, CSS 3, JavaScript
framework JQuery and JavaScript to mirror, replace the animation of the Flash components and to
create interactive features and data driven calculations and motion graphics. Creating video,
editing both video and audio. JQuery-UI/UX Design, YUI were used for the touch and slide features of
mobile devices. Use Contribute as a CMS. HTML 5 canvas was used to make graphs. CSS 3 was used to
make gradients, drop shadows, rounded corners and recreate the layout of the Flash pieces. Using XML
for data. Making the components compatible with Firefox, Chrome, Safari, and IE 9. Developing
internal webpages using responsive design techniques that include media queries for screen size in
order to modify how the page layout looks for multiple screen sizes and devices both large and
small. Worked with Agile methodologies.

TCS/Santander Consumer USA Dallas, TX      June 2011 - October 2012
Developing wireframes, internal website/applications and UI/UX Design components using Visual
Studio, JQuery, XHTML, CSS and DOM, JavaScript. Use Contribute as a CMS. Limited SharePoint
experience uploading files to share with team members and form creation. Created forms, validations,
accordions and tab navigation using JQuery. Working with content management systems. Creating
graphics for UI in PhotoShop and Illustrator. Extensive use of Adobe suite for creating assets and
design. Interactive show/hide elements. Produced wireframes, customer service, which includes
interacting with the customer. Worked with Agile methodologies and using responsive design
techniques that include media queries for screen size in order to modify how the page layout looks
for multiple screen sizes and devices both large and small. Using MS Office Suite for correspondence
and quick presentations. Collaborating with offshore teams.

Web Developer/Designer/UI, Freelance
Hollister, CA                                    January 2010 - June 2011
UI/UX Design for the State of California Social Interest Solutions, Working with Radiant Creative in
Houston, TX. in creating for the University of Texas SME experience with Flex. Life lessons for 8
graders. Developing and creating Lessons using Flash, ActionScript, Magpie and Illustrator. Creating
and designing new sites using UI, UX, XML, XAMPP, PHP & MYSQL, XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, 508 ADA
compliant, Flash, and ActionScript. Creating graphics in PhotoShop and Illustrator. Working with
content management systems. Editing Audio, Syncing audio to animations. Creating animations and
graphics. Built prototypes, wireframes and customer Service, which includes interacting with the
customer.

Web/Flash Developer/UI, L-3 Global Security and Engineering Solutions (L-3 GS&ES)
Monterey, CA      September 2006 - October 2008
Web/Flash developer for the Curriculum Development Division, E-Learning developer. Created, updated
and edited web pages using DreamWeaver, some Ajax, JavaScript, CSS, XML and HTML, XHTML, UI, UX for
all of FAM and Cip. Modified and tested content to work on an iPod. Managed web content and web
services. Customer Service, which includes interacting with the customer to make sure specifications
were as customer requested. Used an open source CMS. Also, created Object Oriented Flash
Applications, and Flash Movies using Flash 8, CS2, CS3 and Flash-lite for e-learning purposes.
Created graphics in Photoshop and Illustrator to incorporate into Flash FAM documents. Color
corrected and sized images. Wrote, modified and updated ActionScript and XML to work with Flash
animation and interactive pages.

Web Editor/UI, Kelly IT/ Intel
Santa Clara, CA                              March 2006 - September 2006
Developed, maintained and updated Intel's legal and Ilt internal websites. Created UI/UX Design and
Power Point Presentation using customers Word content. Use Contribute as a CMS. Recorded and editing
audio to incorporate into the PowerPoint presentation. Customer Service. Worked with content
management systems. Created graphics in Photoshop and Illustrator. (DreamWeaver, CSS, HTML and
JavaScript)

Web Developer/UI, South Valley Internet
San Martin, CA      February 2005 - March 2006
Build web pages from the Graphic Artist renderings and clients requests. Using DreamWeaver CSS,
HTML, wrote JavaScript, manipulate photos, created images in Photoshop and Illustrator. Created
UI/UX Design and forms in PHP that collected user information and emailed that information to the
web site owners. Lead web developer, IT support, troubleshooting customer's internet and email
issues, customer service. Content production, search engine optimization (SEO) and web authoring For
South Valley Internet's clients.

Production Artist, The Pinnacle News Paper
Hollister, CA                                    October 2003 - February 2005
Designed and built ads and layout of the real estate section of the paper as well as the monthly
real estate magazine. Created PDF's and uploaded the PDF's to the printer's server. Customer
service. (Acrobat, PhotoShop, Illustrator and PageMaker)

Flash/Web Developer, Quantum Services (contract at education department Nasa/Ames)
Moffett Field, CA                              2002 -2003
Produced web pages writing XHTML, JavaScript and CSS. Created graphics for E-learning development in
Photoshop and Illustrator for AstroVenture web site, in addition to writing ActionScript for two
major Flash animations. 508 ADA requirements. Created animations and synced audio to animation.
Edited MPEG video.


