
LUKE STEWART
1835 W. 4600 S. Spanish Fork, UT 84660     801-592-2285     Ljsconst@yahoo.com

APPRENTICE LINEMAN

Professional Profile
Responsible, experienced, and capable individual prepared to be an outstanding apprentice lineman.  Experience in many tasks in simulated energized environments including underground, distribution, and transmission systems.  Worked at significant heights safely and efficiently.  Understanding of setting and framing poles, grounding procedures, and installing and replacing equipment. Safely operated line trucks, hydraulic and other equipment. Sound understanding of safety procedures and a conscientious of proper safety protocol.  Excellent ability to work well and communicate well with others. Detail oriented with excellent values and work ethic.

CERTIFICATIONS, SKILLS, AND LICENSES
*	Certified climber            
*	OSHA 10
*	Pole-top Rescue
*	First aid/CPR
*	Vault rescue                 
*	Class A CDL
*	Linetruck operation

WORK EXPERIENCE
Project Manager-Wasatch Timber Post & Beam-Lindon, UT-1 year
Managed employees, material, fabrication, installation of timber structures. Also communicated and coordinated with general contractors on multi-million dollar homes and commercial buildings. 
Owner and President-Camas Builders-Spanish Fork, UT-7 years
Licensed B100 General Contractor. Managed employees, payroll, billing, HR, accounting, and completion of projects safely and on time for residential general contracting and framing contracting company. Communicated with General contractors, city officials, utility officials, and clients and customers. Excelled at maintaining positive working relationships in stressful environments.
Project Manager-Edge Homes-Orem, UT-1 year
Managed entire building process of 20-35 homes at a time from pre-construction planning meetings through final orientation and move in process of custom homes.  Responsible for communications with company office, cities and utilities, subcontractors, and homeowners or their representatives. Received many positive surveys by satisfied home buyers.

EDUCATION
Certificate Electrical Lineworker Program
Northwest Lineman College-Meridian, ID, 2016
Bachelor of Science-Construction Management 
Brigham Young University-Idaho   Rexburg, ID 2006   3.5 GPA
High School Diploma
Spanish Fork High School-UT   High Honors Student
Fluent in a second language