
LAMARR
South Euclid
Motivated, enthusiastic Audio and Video instructor with 5+ years experience fostering a cohesive
student learning atmosphere. Committed to creating lesson plans which includes integrating
modern instructional techniques to maximize the learning opportunities even in diverse classroom
CORE QUALIFICATIONS
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE




 3894 Warrendale Rd,

 SUMMARY



 settings..




 ACHIEVEMENTS




 05/2016 to Current




 10/2011 to Current




 04/2003 to Current



 DILLINGHAM
 , OH 44118; C: 440-381-4901; lamarrdillingham@soundlabent.com




 5 years of training in Music TV and radio background

 production and Recording Audio and Video producer/engineer
 Curriculum development and Final Cut Pro
 assessment Logic Pro
 Active participation in [groups, Pro Tools
 plans, events] MS Office

 Interactive teaching/learning Adobe Photoshop



 1. Transformed a quarterly visual art exhibition into a highly anticipate visual art
 and musical performance exhibition.

 2. Partnership with several local businesses

 3. Highest classroom retention rate for 5 years

 4. Classroom with the highest number of students that have complete 70% or
 more for 5 years

 5. (3) Students have received a full 4-year college scholarship for music.

 6. (4) students are currently attending a 2 year college program for music

 7. Developed partnership to allow students to have quality internships


 Video Instructor
 Umadaot - Cleveland, Ohio
 Designed and created daily lesson plans for activities.

 Instructed through lectures, discussions and demonstrations in
 Videographer, Research and Editing.Created budget for training costs and supplies.

 Music and recording instructor
 NewBridge Center for Arts and Technology - Cleveland, Ohio
 Developed interesting course plans to meet academic, intellectual and

 social needs of students. Developed and implemented interesting and interactive learning

 mediums to increase student understanding of course materials.Received high remarks for the
 creativity of classroom lesson plans and

 instructional techniques from students, parents and faculty.
 Owner
 SoundLab Entertainment LLC - Cleveland, Ohio
 Audio engineer and videographer

 Radio show host (T.G.I.F and H2O Show)
 Tour manager
 Secured a nomination for Blurr for the Cleveland Urban Film Festival.
 (Editor)Won best short film for the Blurr (Editor)

 Post fight interviews for the Hector Camacho vs. Israel Cordova
 Championship fightInterview of the legendary running back Jim Brown

 Interviews of celebrities at the Troy Smith Golf Tournament.


EDUCATION AND TRAINING
COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT

 10/2000 to 11/2008




 2009


 1988

 CERTIFICATIONS



 Multi-Saw cutter
 GE Lighting - Willoughby, Ohio

 Actively suggested operational improvements to enhance quality,improve production times and
 reduce costs.
 Helped achieve company goals by supporting production workers.

 Maintained proper stock levels on a line.
 Started machine operations by inserting control instructions into control
 units.Calibrated or adjusted equipment to ensure quality production using

 tools such as gauges and micrometers.


 Diploma: Broadcasting
 Ohio School for broadcasting - Valley View, Ohio, United States
 Radio and TV Broadcasting
 High School Diploma: College Prep
 Bedford High School - Bedford, Ohio, United States

 Certified Mental Health First Aid Responder


 Organized entertainment for many community festivals

 Participated in several stop the violence campaigns
 Volunteer for feeding the homeless
 Volunteer, Habitat for Humanity, 2006-2010
 Little League football coach (EMS Rams)