
DHEERAJ KUMAR BHAYYA
                         2828, Apt #622, Hayes Rd, Houston, TX  77082
                         (bhayyadk@hotmail.com) 409-828-1848.
************


OBJECTIVE
Continue career advancement at a progressive EPC/manufacturing company,
utilizing my skills and professional experience.
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
* 5 Plus years of experience in upstream, midstream & downstream industry
  as a Facilities/Process Engineer.
* Experience includes process design, equipment and line sizing, heat and
  material balance calculations, process flow diagrams, process and
  instrumentation diagrams and equipment lists.
* Preparing various process studies, production allocation calculations,
  equipment and instrumentation datasheets for major equipments like two
  and three separators, heater treaters, pumps, heat exchangers, air
  coolers, compressors, pressure relief devices, measurement devices and
  control valves.
* Development of process unit models like TEG Glycol Dehydration, High
  Pressure Gas compressor, Vapor Recovery Unit and methanol injection
  system using Aspen HYSYS.
* Performed piping network hydraulic studies on various utility systems
  such as flare disposal, instrument/plant air systems, fuel gas system
  and chemical injection system.
* Proficient in the use and application of Industrial/Simulation tools
  such as Aspen Plus, Aspen HYSYS, Flarenet, Pro II, HTRI, AFT Arrow &
  Fathom, Flaresim and Ariel Compressor.
WORK EXPERIENCE
EDG Inc. (Facilities Engineer)
Sep13-Present
Clients: Pioneer Natural Resources, Conoco Philips, Vaalco Gabon Inc and
Maersk Oil.
* Currently working on the development of Onshore and Offshore
  Facilities.
*     Preparing various reports like process design basis, utility
      studies, equipment comparison and selection, fuel gas assessment
      and hydraulic assessment.
*     Developing the Process Model using Aspen HYSYS and increase the
      yield of production by performing stream flashes and modeling
      complete process system; including condensate / oil stabilization,
      compression, dehydration, treating, vapor recovery unit, chemical
      injection systems and other related processes and perform heat and
      material balance calculations.
*     Performing preliminary sizing and equipment design using Aspen
      HYSYS.
* Developing detailed design of equipments like separators, heater
  treaters, scrubbers, compressors, air coolers, pumps, tanks, knockout
  drums and preparing relevant equipment specification datasheets.
*     Performing line sizing, nozzle sizing, flare header sizing,
      blowdown valve sizing, control valve sizing and develop Block Flow
      Diagrams, Process Flow Diagrams and Process & Instrumentation
      Diagrams.
* Prepared equipment list, line list, SP Item List and PSV list
* Performed radiation and dispersion calculation for flare sizing using
  Flaresim and calculated the size of flare and flare tip.
* Calculated hydraulics for under-water seabed piping and recirculation
  loop for offshore facility.

Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. (Process Engineer-II)
Nov 12-July 13
Client: Marathon Petroleum Company, Catlettsburg Refinery.
* Worked on Utica Condensate Process Modification project and Fluid
  Catalytic Cracking Project
* Developed and extracted heat and material balance data for various
  equipments using Aspen HYSYS.
* Evaluated tray sizing using KG tower for revamp study.
* Redlined piping and instrument diagrams (P&ID's), process flow diagrams
  (PFD's), and material selection diagram (MSD's).
* Designed and rated pumps, scrubbers, separators using hydraulic
  programs and heat exchangers using HTRI.
 Client: Shell Chemical Company, Geismar.
 * Worked on Instrument and Plant Air Studies and Flare Disposal
  projects.
 * Developed model and calculated hydraulics for existing Instrument Air
  System using AFT Arrow and for Flare disposal System using Flarenet.
 * Proposed system modifications by reducing potential for activation of
  Nitrogen and utility air for Instrument and Plant Air System and
  minimized relief valve backup pressure for Flare Disposal System to
  accommodate future expansion.
 Invista
 Position: Process Engineer
 Feb 12- Nov 12
 * Designed and Revalidated Pressure Relief Valves, Rupture Disk,
  Breathing air systems and Vents.
 * Conducted in depth over-pressure scenario analysis and case studies
  for existing pressure relief devices on Distillation Column,
  Separators, Heat Exchangers, Pumps, Compressors and piping.
 * Performed hydraulic calculations as per the isometric drawing using
  AFT Arrow and Fathom.
 * Calculated pressure drop in inlet and outlet piping, and extracted
  heat and material balance data from Aspen Plus. Determined required
  relief load and orifice size using spreadsheets.
 Maheshwari Solvent Extractions LTD., INDIA
 Position: Process Engineer
 July 08-Nov 09
 * Monitored the unit operations during the process of extracting and
  refining of edible Oil from the raw rice bran.
 * Maintained the operating conditions and free fatty acid concentrations
  in various units like Extraction, Distillation, Disolventiser toaster,
  Degumming, Deodorization, Filtration and Bleaching of batch and
  continuous process.
 * Assisted Sr. Engineer on day to day basis on process performance and
  quality for both solvent extraction and edible oil refining process.
 * Experienced in process troubleshooting and participated in
  pre-commissioning process.
 * Performed line hydraulics and material balance at various stages of
  the refinery.
 * Prepared line lists, equipment lists, and material selection
  diagrams.
 * Monitored the ratio of earth during bleaching and percentage of oil in
  dewaxing Stage.
 * Involved in rice bran purchase and by-product as wax, gum,
  disolventiser toaster waste for sales.

INTERNSHIP at APGENCO, INDIA
Position: Graduate Engineer Trainee
Aug 07-May 08
"Analysis of Heat and Mass Transfer Coefficients of Packed Bed
Deaerator"
* Designed Pall Rings and studied the performance of spray nozzle
  distribution systems in dissolved oxygen medium.
* Controlled the corrosion causing strategies by modifying operating
  conditions of the system.
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Projects on Simulation tools like ASPEN HYSYS, ASPEN Plus and PRO-II
* Modeled and optimized Propylene/Propane Splitter using ASPEN HYSYS.
* Simulated Ketene manufacturing plant using Aspen Plus by optimizing
  various unit operations.
* Optimized the Multivariable Distillation Column using PRO-II to
  separate benzene and toluene.
EDUCATION
Master of Engineering (M.E.) in Chemical Engineering
Dec 11                       GPA: 3.6/4.0
LAMAR UNIVERSITY, BEAUMONT, TEXAS
ACHIEVEMENTS
* Received appreciable accolades through papers on "Production of Diesel
  from Waste Plastics," "Removal of Carbon Dioxide by Nano Gold
  Particles" and "Uranium from Sea Water" at national level technical
  symposia.
* Received a competitive graduate scholarship as part of the Master's
  program.
* Received a certificate of recognition for Availability in year
  2013-2014 from EDG INC.