
Omar B. Guerra
3057 Bailey Avenue *    Bronx, New York 10463 *    (718) 601-5313 *   
  omar10463@yahoo.com

Objective:
                                 To obtain a position where I can utilize my
                                   skills and experience, with opportunities for
                                   professional growth and development.

        Education
        Bronx, Community College    Bronx, New York
Associate in Arts Degree-Liberal Arts
Graduated, June 2007

John Jay College of Criminal Justice    New York, New York
Received College Credits, 2003-2004

Chelsea Vocational High School    New York, New York
Earned High School Diploma, 2003

Experience:
                                 Calvary Hospital    Bronx, New York
Administrative Assistant    9/03-8/07
Perform general office administration and telephone and front desk reception.
Collect, sort and distribute mail, correspondences, messages and files.
Manage and maintain inventory control and purchasing procedures for office
  supplies and equipment.

Organize and direct the maintenance of documents, recordkeeping, filing systems
  and databases.

Kings Teleservices    Queens, New York
Telemarketer    6/03-9/03
Provided for the direct telephone marketing and sales of goods and services
  directly to customers.

Handled sales orders and inquiries concerning product information, advertising
  and promotions.

Conducted telephone solicitations and data entry for call and purchase
  activities.

Victoria's Secret    New York, New York
Sales Associate    2/03-7/03
Provided excellent customer service and aided guests with merchandise selections
  and purchases.

Operated cash register and managed sales transactions.

Arranged and maintained merchandise on shelves, racks, sales displays and storage
  areas

Friends of Van Cortlandt    Bronx, New York
Intern    6/99-1/02
Assisted in the planting, development, pruning and trimming of plants and trees.
Aided in the building and maintenance of trails and park areas.

Skills:
                                 Bilingual in Spanish and English.

Computer literate in Microsoft Windows, Office, Outlook, Word, Access, Excel,
  WordPerfect Office and Internet applications.

Excellent written and verbal communications skills and interpersonal abilities.
Responsible, reliable, dedicated, diligent, resourceful and motivated hard
  worker.

Highly organized, attentive to details, strong problem solver and capable in
  handling multiple tasks effectively and efficiently.

Work well independently and as a team member.

References will be furnished upon request.