
MARCOS CERVANTES,M.D. |                              2732 E 7th                    Street|cervantes_md@outlook.com
                                                     Los Angeles, CA 90023                (805) 509-3378


International medical graduate looking to obtain a clinical position while pursuing United States medical licensure
and a residency in family medicine. Excellent oral and written communication skills. Capable of accurately
documenting patient histories and conduct physical exams. Adept and efficient at performing patient vitals, routine
lab tests and medical procedures using standard lab equipment. Thorough, diligent and compassionate with 10-year
experience in primary care, specifically in underserved communities.

                                      CLINICAL CLERKSHIP

Clinical Rotations | Community Hospital Health Associates | Phoenix, AZ              July 2016 - June 2018
   *   Evaluated, diagnosed and treated patients. Assisted in major surgeries and performed minor medical
       procedures under the supervision of the lead physicia.
   *   Rotated in the following specialties during the third and fourth years of medical school:

  Family Medicine: Ricardo Celaya M.D., Clínica La Familia, Phoenix, AZ - 4 weeks
  Internal Medicine: Ricardo Celaya M.D., Clínica La Familia, Phoenix, AZ - 12 weeks
  Psychiatry: Adeel Zafar M.D., St. Luke's Behavioral Health, Phoenix, AZ- 4 weeks
  Pediatrics: Steven Hauben M.D., Desert Sky Pediatrics, Scottsdale, AZ - 6 weeks
  Obstetrics and Gynecology: Smriti Rana M.D., Abrazo Arrowhead, Glendale, AZ - 6 weeks
  General Surgery: David Johnson M.D., Mountain Vista Medical Center, Mesa, AZ - 8 weeks
  Neurology: Troy Anderson M.D., Phoenix Neurology & Sleep Medicine, Goodyear, AZ - 4 weeks
  Orthopedics: Brandon Gough M.D., Hedley Orthopaedic Institute, Phoenix, AZ - 4 weeks
  Endocrinology: Chioma N. Iweha M.D., Panda Medical Associates, Peoria, AZ - 4 weeks
  Pulmonology: Ramit Sharma M.D., Abrazo West Campus, Goodyear, AZ - 4 weeks
  Emergency Medicine:  David Brown M.D., Gilbert Hospital, Gilbert, AZ - 8 weeks
  Dermatology: Kevin Svancara D.O., Clear Sky Dermatology, Litchfield Park, AZ - 4 weeks
  Ophthalmology:  Matthew A Heller D.O., Eye Doctors of Arizona, Phoenix, AZ - 4 weeks
  Urology: Torre Rhoades M.D., Valley Urologic Associates, Phoenix, AZ - 4 weeks
  Family Medicine: Enrique Cifuentes Jr. M.D., Gila Internal Medicine, Tempe, AZ - 4 weeks

                                  PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Medical Assistant | Santa Barbara Neighborhood Clinics | Santa Barbara, CA           June 2008 - July 2014
 * Front office experience: answered telephones, scheduled patient appointments, verified insurance eligibility,
   medical billing knowledge, collected and processed payments, data entry, gathered medical records and
   processed prior authorizations.
 * Back office experience: performed patient vitals, maintained patient flow, documented patient histories, scribed,
   interpreted for Spanish speaking patients, assisted physicians with medical procedures, performing routine inhouse
   lab exams such as glucose finger-sticks, hemoglobin A1c tests, pregnancy tests and urinalysis.
 * Responsible for in-house pharmacy inventory and reported to appropriate sources.
 * Autoclave sterilization experience.
 * Utilized NextGen EHR.
 * Abided to the clinics mission of providing high quality, comprehensive, affordable care, regardless of the
   patient's ability to pay, while maintaining compassion, dignity and respect.




                                    VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE

Street Medicine Volunteer | Santa Barbara Street Medicine | Santa Barbara, CA     January 2013 - July 2014
 * Commited to help set up biweekly medical clinics in the park to provide healthcare for the homeless and
   indigent population of Santa Barbara.
 * Assisted physicians with patient check-in, documentation, performed vital signs, and provided patient
   education.
 * Served as a liaison between the Santa Barbara Street Medicine team and the Santa Barbara Neighborhood
   Clinics to better serve the indigent and homeless population of Santa Barbara, ensuring individual patient
   healthcare needs were met in a timely matter.
 * Conducted in home visits to housed patients and administered required injections.


Medical Volunteer | Global Medical Brigades | Tegulcigalpa, Honduras             June 2008 and June 2009
 * Along with 50+ student and physician volunteers, help set up temporary medical clinics in the rural
   communities of Honduras to provide acute and primary care to over 1,000 patients per day.
 * Assisted in patient intake, patient flow, collected vital signs, scribed, interpreted for Spanish speaking patients,
   dispensed appropriate medications and provided treatment education.
 * Completed two total brigades, each 7 days long, trip was self-funded via fundraising.



                                 PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS

   *   American Medical Association (AMA)

   *   Educational Commission For Foreign Medical Graduates (ECFMG) - In progress

                                  CERTIFICATIONS AND SKILLS
*  BLS certification
*  Infection control and barrier precautions training
*  HIPPA compliance training
*  Excellent bedside manner
*  Inpatient, outpatient and emergency room
   experience
*  Skilled in taking patient histories, charting and
   conducting physical exams

*  Able to assist and perform basic medical
   procedures
*  Cultural awareness and sensitivity
*  Critical thinking proficiency
*  Extensive medical terminology
*  Bilingual in English and Spanish
*  EKG administration

                                            EDUCATION

UNIVERSIDAD AUTONOMA DE GUADALARA SCHOOL OF MEDICINE                       | Guadalajara, JAL, MX
DOCTOR OF MEDICINE |       June 2018


UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SANTA BARBARA               | Santa Barbara, CA
BACHELOR OF ARTS       | CHICANO STUDIES |   June 2010




2