
Hello
I'm Elisabeth Megumi Mouw (Liz)

She/her/hers pronouns
5714 Saint Elmo Avenue
Chattanooga, TN 37409
(423)693-6745
elisabethmmouw@gmail.com

Skills

I am a motivated marketing professional with 2 years of general and social media marketing that's
not afraid to try new and exciting ways to market while also using core market strategies. Owning a
social media presence on +5 accounts on mainstream media platforms; posting daily and interacting
for community building and quality customer experience.

Experience

January 2021 - October 2022
Moonlight Roller, Chattanooga TN.    - Social Media Marketing Manager/ Ambassador Rep.

    *   Maintain an active online presence for Moonlight Roller's
    *   Instagram with 146k followers, impressive engagement (+49.5k) and reach(+539k) from
        March 10,2022-June 7, 2022.
    *   Researching for content on topics that are to the likeness of the brand to share and relate
        to the consumers
    *   Monthly check-ins with our contracted Official Skate TeamMembers to make sure they are
        maintaining a positive image and fulfilling all monthly agreements from their contracts.
    *   Maintaining daily communication with the Skate Team to brainstorm and create new and
        exciting ways to sell and engage with our audiences.
    *   Working directly with our PR contacts and sending care packages to other brands,
        influencers, bands, for marketing opportunities. (Ie. Swizz Beats, Jack Harlow, Kacey
        Musgraves, White Reaper, Muna, Phoebe Bridgers to name a few).
    *   Reshare stories consistently on Instagram and Facebook, Tweet memes and promotions,
        curate content with trending audios for Reels and Tiktoks
    *   Interact with the roller skating community via comments, messages and other people's
        posts to give the consumers a pleasant experience all-across the board.
    *   Create digital assets, and edit all products and marketing photos for campaigns and social
        media posts; Jill-of-all trades.




                                                                                                  2


March 2018 - November 2022
Shutterfly Prestige Portraits, Chattanooga TN.  -Senior Photographer

    *   Experienced in sports and portrait photography
    *   performing all studio opening and closing procedures, preparation of studio equipment,etc.
    *   Managed and trained all new employees
    *   Communicated with clients and various families to cater to clients' requests to ensure client
        satisfaction

February 2015 - 2017
Interscope Records , Various locations  - Live Event Photographer

    *   Created various press kits for artists and record labels
    *   Merchandise photography for official Merch
    *   Photographed various concerts in the Southeast

May 2015 - August 2017
Pacific Sunwear, Chattanooga TN.    -Key Holder

    *   Performed all opening and closing procedures including auditing cashier reports, preparing
        daily revenue reports, processing loss prevention, etc.
    *   Acted as a primary point of contact when the store manager was not on the clock
    *   Handled all customer service issues
    *   Implemented digital and physical organization methods that made it easier to reference,
        store, and daily POS system reports for the projecting week of sales.

August 2017 - February 2017
Sienna & Bellini, Chattanooga TN.   - Assistant Manager

    *   Performed all opening and closing procedures including auditing cashier reports,preparing
        daily revenue reports, processing loss prevention, etc.
    *   Acted as a primary point of contact when the store manager was not on the clock
    *   Handled all customer service issues
    *   Implemented digital and physical organization methods that made it easier to reference,
        store, and daily POS system reports for the projecting week of sales.

Education
Grace Academy, Chattanooga TN. -    High school Diploma

Graduated May 2015

Job References
Randi Franklin, Moonlight Roller COO (423)475-3956
Becca Chastain, Moonlight Roller, Retail Storefront Manager (423) 290-4284
Chad Tramell, Studio Senior Manager for Shutterfly Prestige Portraits (706) 581-7350