

ROZEENA PARVEZ, Ph.D.

Food technologist
rozyfzn@gmail.com
1324 Locust St, City Center, Philadelphia, PA - 19107, USA TECHNICAL SKILLS

Authorized to work in USA (EAD) * Product testing techniques: laboratory standard
PROFILE SUMMERY operating procedures, preparation of reagent and
buffers, dilution and concentration, accuracy and
* 3+ years of research experience in the field of R & D, food production, food technology,precision,
(moisture, ash, fat, crude fibre. Protein,
microbiology and laboratory experience. carbohydrates content determination), vitamin C
* 1+ year of research experience in bakery and confectionary industry from formulatingdetermination
by indophenol method, glucose
new product and quality. determination by titration method etc.
* Expertise in food product formulation, processing, production and quality control.* Sensory
testing, new product formulation, and
* Conduct routine food sampling, and product improvement, packaging and processingquality control.
of nutritionally, improving food quality * Microbiological Techniques: Bacterial culture,
* Experience in food analysis (fat, protein, ash, crude fibre carbohydrates, iron, calcium,media
preparation, antibiotic assay, media
vitamin c, glucose determination etc.) preparation.
* New product testing, sensory testing, shelf life test, quality control and assurance.* Equipment
handling: Microbial analysis (incubator,
* Expertise in milk processing, Adulteration test in milk testing of milk products,
generalautoclave, hot air oven), kjeldahl apparatus, Soxhlet
instruction for microbiology laboratory. Laboratory organization including supply
inventory, calibrations, cleaning and maintenance of lab equipment. apparatus, muffle furnance.
* Expertise Quantitative and Qualitative Analysis for food to include: total Plate Count,* UV-Vis
spectrophotometry, anti-oxidant assay, and
Total Coliform / E. coli, Staphylococcus aureus, Yeast & Mold, Salmonella, bacterialreflectometer,
texture analyzer, etc.
straining plates methods (pour, streak, replica and spraed Listeria, E. coli, media* Computational
skills : MS excel, MS word, MS
preparation for samples, pH adjustments for samples PowerPoint, statistics for food analysis
* Technical knowledge and certificate in quality Processes and Systems e.g. G.M.P,
H.A.C.C.P and F.S.M.S etc.

RESEARCH EXPRIENCES
* During Ph.D.
Thesis title: Studies on quality evaluation of cookies prepared by using ajwa dates (phoenix
dactylifera), rice bran and wheat bran.
Project Summary: The product has high market demand though in large area, to start out manufacturing
cookies at industrial scale, nutritional point of
view and new taste variation. I use a variety of assessment techniques and collaborate across
disciplines so that I can most effectively study the
relationship between nutrition, wellness, and healthy. My research work more focuses on developing
section-based nutrition and wellness to prevent
and manage healthy life style and improve family health in busy schedule and improving nutrition
based diet in new taste. The proposed investigation
would give relatively cheaper and nutritious product.
Responsibilities: Project designing, protocol evaluation, conduct of the experiments, data analysis,
manuscript writing, editing, and proof-reading.
Techniques: Microbial analysis (incubator, autoclave, hot air oven), kjeldahl apparatus, Soxhlet
apparatus, muffle furnance, UV-Vis spectrophotometry,
anti-oxidant assay, and reflectometer, texture analyzer, sensory analysis etc.
Organization: Sam Higginbottom University of Agriculture, Technology and Sciences, Allahabad, India.
Internship.
Title: Studies on quality evaluation of cookies prepared by using ajwa dates (phoenix dactylifera),
rice bran and wheat bran.
Duration: 07/Aug./2022 to 06/sep/ 2021
Organization: Regional Food Research & Analysis Centre, Lucknow, India
* During M.Sc.
Project: "Development of low cost nutritional beverage from whey"
Project Summary: To establish feasibility and superiority of whey based nutritional beverage using a
qualitative and quantitative test for milk proteins
and inclusion of cereal based additives. Additionally ensure that whey produced in processing milk;
an important source of nutrition; is utilized to its
maximum potential. Commercial milk processing recycles whey to extract soluble nutrients; hence whey
discarded by commercial milk processing
plants is of little use. On the other hand, domestic and low scale milk processing produces whey
that has a higher nutritional content and can be utilized
locally to produce nutritional drinks that can serve a variety of purposes from refreshment to
dietary supplements.
Responsibilities: Project designing, protocol evaluation, conduct the experiments, and data
analysis.
Techniques: Microbial analysis (incubator, autoclave, and hot air oven), kjeldahl apparatus, Soxhlet
apparatus, muffle furnance.
Organization: University of Allahabad (Central University), Allahabad, India
Internship.
Title: Chemical and Microbiological analysis of milk and milk products
Duration: 07/Feb/2014 to 06/May/ 2014
Organization: Pradesh Co-Operative Dairy Federation Ltd. Lucknow, India




PEER-REVIEWED PUBLICATIONS
1. Rozeena Parvez , A Gautam and Vyakhaya, "Ajwa dates, (Phoenix dactylifera) rice bran and wheat
bran composition for healthier cookies,
nutritional, antioxidant, and quality characteristics", Journal of Pharmacognosy and Phytochemistry
2022; 11(2): 132-136.
2. M K Ali, S H Mir, Rozeena Parvez, Marine Collagen: Promising Biomaterial in Delivery of
Therapeutics for Cancer Therapy, Marine Biomaterials,
251-279 Springer, Singapore 2022. DOI: 10.1007/978-981-16-4787-1_8
3. Rozeena Parvez , A Gautam, J David, "Study on antioxidant activity and health benefits of Ajwa
dates", The Pharma Innovation Journal 2021; 10(9):
10-13.
4. Rozeena parvez, Vyakhaya & S Tewari, "Nutritional and Antioxidant Capacities of Selected Plant
Parts for Food Use" , ISSN: 0474-
9030 Vol-68-Issue-1-January-2020
https://archives.ourheritagejournal.com/index.php/oh/article/view/8538
5. Rozeena Parvez , K Singh, V Yadav, L Singh. "Effect of various processing treatments on total
flavonoid content of different varieties of cowpea".
Pharma Innovation 2019; 8(6):203-210.
6. Vyakhaya, J David, Rozeena Parvez. "Evaluation of the quality and sensory attributes of chocolate
under different trials. Pharma Innovation" 2019;
8(5):729-733.
7. S.Tewari, Rozeena Parvez , M S Vishwanath, S S Arjun. Know About Antioxidant Properties of Milk
and Dairy Products.
https://www.dairytoday.in/know-about-antioxidant-properties-of-milk-and-dairy-products/
8. Vyakhaya, J David, Rozeena Parvez. "Emulsifier Gel as a Cake Improver: A Review'. Pramana
Research Journal; 2020; 4:21-28.


CONFRENCE PAPERS
1. Paper titled "Studies on khowa sweets addition of inulin powder with different ratio" presented
in webinar conference held at International Web
Conference on Global Research Initiatives for Sustainable Agriculture & Allied Sciences
(GRISAAS-2021) during 13-15 December 2021.
2. Paper titled "Health benefits of probiotics'' presented in wo days international webinar on
"probiotics, functional foods and nutraceuticals today's
need to maintain healthy life" held on 15-16 June 2021.
3. Paper title "Development and quality evaluation of peda manufactured from admixture of flaxseed
and sesame'' presented at International
Conference on Sports Nutrition and Awareness of Doping in Connection with Sport Sciences, Physical
Education and Yogic Sciences
(ICSNADSSPEYS 2020) organized by PEFI &NADA, held on 29th Feb to 1st March 2020.

PUBLISHED BOOK CHAPTERS
1. Basic importance of vitamins on human health "Important of Vitamin B3 and Its Important"
2. A book chapter published on adulteration in food "Adulteration Of Butter"
3. A book chapter published on functional food ingredients " Ajwa Dates As A Novel Functional Food
Ingredient

EDUCATION
* Ph.D. - Food Science & Technology | Sam Higginbottom University of Agriculture Technology and
Sciences, Allahabad, India | June 2022
* M.Sc. - Food Technology | University of Allahabad, Allahabad, India | July 2014
* B.Sc. - Chemistry & Zoology | University of Allahabad, Allahabad, India | June 2012

AWARDS AND SCHOLARSHIPS
* "Research Associate Scientist Award" in international web conference on global research
initiatives for sustainable agriculture & allied sciences
(GRISAAS-2021) held on 13-15 December 2021.
* Utter Pradesh state government scholarship, India (During Ph.D.).

CONFRENCES ATTENDED
* Attended webinar "international virtual conferences on advanced nanomaterials application" held on
(17- 19 June 2020).
* Attended webinar "international webinar on genomic revolutionizing agriculture and evolutionary
research", held on 15-17 Aug. 2020).

PERSONAL DETAILS
* Date of Birth: Sensitive information was removed
* Gander: Female
* Citizenship: Indian
* Current Address: 1324 Locust St, City Center, Philadelphia, PA - 19107, USA

WORK AUTHORIZATION
Authorized to work in USA (EAD)

JOINING PERIOD
Immediately

