
CHRISTOPHER MILLS
 216 N Main St, Payette ID, 83661
208-573-8228
Chris.mills1177@gmail.com
                                    Christopher.e.mills11.mil@mail.mil

OBJECTIVE
Seeking a position with a winning organization by utilizing and expanding upon related skills,
knowledge, and capabilities.
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
      Infantryman and Military member with a [Secret Security Clearance] and 4 years of proven experience
in the United States Army National Guard. Accomplished measurable results training numerous Soldiers
in a dynamic, fast - paced environment. Possess a comprehensive background in the military. Derived
from conducting domestic operations in the United States. Managed risk upon multiple lines to
protect assets, property, and equipment valued over close to $5 million while meeting the
expectations of senior leadership. Possess extensive knowledge in operating the M2A3 Bradley.
Graduate of Non-commissioned Officer Basic Course in my third year in the military. I spent most my
time on ADOS (voluntary Active duty orders) helping with the company and the supply room organize,
inventory and PMCS all the equipment. I'm always willing to learn anything to do my job better.

           Career Experience      Proficiencies                  Specialties
      *Military                  -combative                  -Marksmanship
      *Security                  -Firearms                  -Communication
                  *Warehouse      -Organizing/Inventorying      -Problem solver
                *Customer Service


UNITED STATES ARMY - Boise, ID                        2016 - Present
Enlisted as 11B (Infantry) in the Army National Guard as a Rifleman
 *      Directed employment of weapons and military vehicles such as M2A3 Bradley Driver and Gunner.
 *      Trained other Soldiers to become new Bradley Drivers.
 *      Primarily Trained as a Dismount (Rifleman)
Additional Military Job Title:
Admin Assistant, Bradley Driver/Gunner, Supply assistant, Materiel Handler (Ammo)

CBI Security - Boise, ID                                                           2018 - 2018
Worked nightly operations as a security officer patrolling The Idaho Capital building and other
government buildings surrounding The Capital.
 *      Policed and patrolled the area.
 *      Scheduled all work shifts; ensured the property of The Capital Building and other surrounding
   government buildings were secure.
Teleperformance USA - Boise, ID      2017-2018
MAC+ Tier 1 Apple Tech Advisor
Know and fix all Apple Software Issue of all types of Apple products
 *      Helped resolve issues
 *      Provided knowledge to customers



EDUCATION
High School Diploma in Payette, ID
CERTIFICATIONS
                                                Secret Clearance

                                Combat Life Saver
                                           Basic Leadership Course
                            Police Pubic Safety course

 TECHNICAL SKILLS
Software: Microsoft Office (2003, 2007, 2010), SharePoint, PowerPoint
Operating Systems: Mac / Microsoft Windows (95, 98, XP, Vista), Windows 7, Windows 8
Programming: Java; HTML; CSS; C++; Visual Basic