

Jon A. McMahan
4013 Bayberry Ct
Urbandale, IA 50322
515-270-0606
ugccgolfer@hotmail.com

RESUME



Profile                        Professional individual with over 40 years experience in the Insurance
                     Industry, primarily in the Information Technology area. I retired at the end of
                     2009 and am looking for part-time work to keep me busy and
                     active. I prefer morning hours, Monday - Friday.

Work History                  August, 1998 - December, 2009 EMC National Life Co.

                        I began my work at EMC as a Business Analyst and concluded my career
                        as VP, Information Technology. My experience in these years was more
                        business oriented than technical. However, I have a solid understanding                        of application
software, database technology (SQL and BTRIEVE) and
                        PC's in general

                        June, 1982 - August 1998 Johnson & Higgins/Kirke Van Orsdel, Inc.

                        I began my career in the IT department, managing the programming
                        staff. After just one year, I found myself working in the marketing area.
                        I spent the next 14 years implementing payroll deduction life insurance
                        programs for many of the fortune 1000 companies. We administered
                        over 1 million Universal Life policies for the employees of these
                        companies.

                        I have also held IT jobs for Farmland Industries Insurance Companies
                        and Postal Finance Co.

Skills                        Solid work experience with most Microsoft Office S software
                        Solid work experience with SQL and BTRIEVE databases
                        Can prepare basic SQL inquiries
                  Crystal reporting tool
                        Management of IT professionals
                  Basic understanding of programming languages, primarily COBOL

References                  Available upon request


