
Janee Lee McDowell
2360 Rising Glen Way #306, Carlsbad, CA 92008  (619)244-9842    janeelee3@aol.com

Objective:    To obtain employment in a company with a promising future for
               advancement within, and utilize my strong customer service skills
               to assist in the success of a company.
                                 
    Experience:    Senior Processor
                                 March 5, 2007-Current    Mortgage Funders, Inc.

    San Marcos, CA

Interact with borrowers in regards to refinancing, gathering conditional
  information required by the lender to close the loan accordingly, explaining
  loan products, and selling on special terms of each loan.
Interact with the sales force at each particular lender to get terms, and all
  prior to closing conditions met.

Follow files through from sell of product to funding of loan.
Create strong, friendly relationships with title companies, appraisers, notaries,
  and lender sales.

Work fluently in the Calyx Point Mortgage software.

Keep a strong communicative relationship with client throughout the process to
  keep the customer happy through the process.

                                     Loan Specialist/Underwriter II
                                     June 26, 2006- January 22, 2007   
                                       Accredited Home Lenders
                                     San Diego, CA

Underwrote initial submission prior to approval with an automated underwriting
  system.

Used system Empower, to underwrite and process loan files.
Used paperless loan file systems, called Blitz Docs and Fastrieve.
Gathered all prior to doc and funding conditions.

Followed files through from prior to doc conditions to funding.
Worked closely with senior management departments to determine a loan's
  potential.

Have strong work ethic and ability to create relationships with fellow broker
  loan processors, and/or lender processors and underwriters.

    Account Manager
    September 19, 2005 - May 2, 2006    Harbor Capital Group
                                       San Diego, CA

Familiar with Data Trac system รฐ
Input of new submissions
Everyday general processing of loans:
Doc prepping
Status calls on loans in progress
Cancellations
Credit pulls
Assisting the Senior Sales staff with everyday concerns files

    Insurance Verification Coordinator
    July 2005- September 18, 2005    Temecula Valley Imaging Temecula, CA

Verification of Health Insurance eligibility
Packaging of patient file
Customer Service
Data Entry of patient demographics

    Junior Processor/Loan Officer
2003 - July 2005    Southern Star Mortgage, Temecula, CA

*Obtained applications through cold calling potential clients
*Gathered necessary documentation to assist in proper processing
*Worked with processing department to find suitable lender for borrowers
*Discussed options with borrowers to find best suited loan programs
*Point of contact with financial institutions and clients

Education:    Murrieta Valley High School    Murrieta, CA
                                 1999 - 2003

General Education
Diploma Awarded

Paul Mitchell Esthetiques Trade School    Temecula, CA

2004 - 2005

Certified in field of esthetiques
Graduated in top of field with Honors

Computer Skills:    Certified in graphic design and proficient in Microsoft Word,
                     Excel, and Power    Point
                                 
                                           Special Licensing:    Licensed Notary
                                             Public for the State Of CA
                                           Commission #1679143

References:    References are available on request.