
                                                  PATRICIA FINDLEY
Stockton, CA 95207                            209-915-3109                Pfindley69@gmail.com




                                                 CAREER OVERVIEW

     Goal oriented, collaborative, and efficient Customer Service, and Administrative Professional. Offering in-depth of over
     Fifteen years' experience in Office, Banking, Construction and Health Industry. Recognized as a quick study, a problem solver, and a
     team player with a positive attitude. Intuitive to the needs of others. Knows what to say, when to say it, and to whom. Establishes a
     strong base for building long term relationships. Extremely confidential. Completes tasks/assignments in an accurate and timely
     manner.

                                                  PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE


     SAN JOAQUIN GENERAL HOSPITAL, Stockton Ca                                                         July 2017- Current

     Patient Care Reprensentative

    Responsibilities: Scheduler for San Joaquin General Hospital under to ACS guidelines.
     The point of initial contact into the Outpatient Clinics. Handles incoming calls from patients and the public, schedules appointments, makes followup
     calls to patients and provides accurate information. Exchanges pertinent and non-routine information, answers questions and offers guidance,
     either face to face, through written correspondence or via the telephone with individuals on a continual basis. Additionally, and professionally
     schedules appointments, maintains documentation and records, facilitates the smooth running of the front office, and supports the delivery of
     quality patient care.

     Duties Include:
     Responsible for scheduling appointments for patients with their primary care providers for
     * IHA (Initial Health Assessments) for Medicare and Medicare-Medical patients within 120 days of assignment;
     * Established patients with chronic conditions in need of a follow up visit, test or treatment that has not been performed;
     * Patients who have been assigned to PCP(Primary Care Provider) by a managed care plan but have not been seen by PCP within the year;
     * Patients who have been discharged from the hospital after an inpatient stay within X number of days after discharge;
     * Patients who have been in the ER within 3 days from the discharge from the ER; and
     * Patients who have missed medically necessary visits or
     * Schedule appointments for x-rays, lab visits, vaccinations, etc. as
     * Update patient information and patient registration
     * Assist with the referral process.
     * Attend all required meetings and
     * Consistently demonstrate and uphold VCCHC's principle of providing quality health and human services to the medically underserved and lowincome
     populations in a culturally sensitive manner.
     * All other duties as assigned Special Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Attributes:
     Demonstrated ability to exercise sound judgement and decision making
     * Ability to communicate clearly and * Ability to plan and be organized.
     * Ability to work well under pressure, take initiative, be flexible and
     * Ability to maintain confidentiality of patient information and company records.
     * Ability to exhibit good interpersonal communications skills
     * Professional appearance and
     * Ability to convey a positive and professional image to the public and patients
     * Demonstrated proficiency in various PC applications, including E-mail, Microsoft Excel, and Word, Internet, and networking
     * Demonstrated ability to learn Cerner Application and follow instructions in that system
     * Required to know, follow, and enforce safe work practices, and be aware of company policies and procedures related to job safety, including
     safety rules
     Ability to handle multiple tasks while also being tactful, diplomatic, and empathetic.
     * Ability to organize and schedule work effectively.




     * Ability to communicate effectively and tactfully with staff, managers, and other levels of personnel, in person and on the telephone.
     * Protects patients' rights by maintaining confidentiality of personal and financial information.
     * Maintains operations by following policies and procedures; reporting needed changes.
     * Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed




   FREMONT BANK,  Livermore, Ca                                                                  2014-2017

   Administrative Assistant II

   Administrative Assistant duties and responsibilities:
   Directing and facilitating support, to ensure staff ,employers ,visitors/customers operate smoothly according to rules and procedures of
   bank . Supported managers and employees through a variety of tasks related to organization and communication. Responsible for
   confidential and time sensitive material. Familiar with a variety of the field's concepts, practices, and procedures. Ability to effectively
   communicate via phone and email ensuring that all Administrative Assistant duties are completed accurately and delivered with high
   quality and in a timely manner. May direct and lead the work of others. Rely on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals
   and a wide degree of creativity and latitude is expected. Typically reports to a manager or head of a unit/department.


   Duties Include: Facilitating Customers and Employees and Visitors:

   *   Answer and direct phone calls for over 500 employees of Fremont Bank
   *   Organize and schedule meetings and appointments, order specified lunch menu is delivered and facilitated at meeting ensuring all essentials
       are at hand.
   *   Maintain and create contact list of all departments of bank
   *   Produce and distribute correspondence memos, letters, faxes, and forms
   *   Assist in the preparation of regularly scheduled reports
   *   Develop and maintain a filing system
   *   Order office supplies for over 21 locations of bank
   *   Book travel arrangements, Submit and reconcile expense reports, Provide general support to visitors
   *   Provided information by answering questions and requests, take dictation.
   *   Research and creates presentations for conferences and meetings
   *   Able to Generate and handle multiple reports.
   *   Prepare and monitor are working correctly for all conferences;
   *   Develop administrative staff by providing information, educational opportunities, and experiential growth opportunities
   *   Ensure operation of equipment by completing preventive maintenance requirements; calling for repairs; maintaining equipment inventories;
       evaluating new equipment and techniques
   *   Maintain supplies inventory by checking stock to determine inventory level; anticipating needed supplies; placing and expediting orders for
       supplies; verifying receipt of supplies
   *   Maintain professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal
       networks; participating in professional societies
   *   Contribute to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed
   *   Carry out administrative duties such as filing, typing, copying, binding, scanning etc.
   *   Organize travel arrangements for senior managers
   *   Write letters and emails on behalf of other office staff
   *   Book conference calls, rooms, taxis, couriers, hotels etc.
   *   Receive, sort, and distribute the mail
   *   Greeting and assist visitors to the office by appointment only




   Page 2


   EAST BAY ENVIRONMENTAL, Stockton Ca.                                                                  2009-2014

   Office Administrator/Bookkeeping

   Managed small Construction Company for 15 subcontractors, Administrators, and Employees for production, researching, and generating
   third party billing for a construction's sites. Also providing administrative support to ensure efficient operation of the office.
   Supporting managers and employees through a variety of tasks related to organization and communication.
   Responsible for confidential and time sensitive material. Familiar with a variety of the field's concepts, practices, and procedures. Ability
   to effectively communicate via phone and email ensuring that all tasks/ jobs are completed accurately and delivered with high quality and
   in a timely manner. May direct and lead the work of others. Rely on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals and a wide
   degree of creativity and latitude is expected. Typically reports to a manager or head of a unit/department.


   Duties Include:

   *   Coordinate with various departments to bid for processes and maintain track of all project schedule and ensure
       compliance to all timeframe and prepare an effective work schedule in coordination with design engineers and
       maintain regular visits to construction sites
   *   Evaluate all projects and ensure compliance to all budgets for contract services and coordinate with project manager to review all projects and m
       orders.
   *   Assist contractors to evaluate all contract documents and prepare reports for any deficiencies in projects and ensure adherence to all design and
       various locations and ensure effective maintenance of all project schedules.
   *   Maintain billing file/records by batch in accordance with the established protocol.
   *   All other assignments as directed by the Billing Manager.
   *   Submitted Invoices for a summary of work completed
   *   Issued and mailed paychecks, W2's, to various workers and employers
   *   Produce Account Balances for month end transactions
   *   Customer Service was always number one in this business and building relationships with other companies.
   *   sites.

   *   Monitor all contractor drawings at various intervals and maintain records of all installation and evaluate all applications for payment got
       contractors and recommend changes if required and supervise efficient working of all employees and ensure compliance to all instructions.

   *   Ensure compliance to all company safety requirements and monitor all projects from conceptualization to implementation and prepare reports
       for same and evaluate punch list for all project close out.




   SAN JOAQUIN ASSESSOR'S OFFICE, Stockton Ca                                             2006 - 2010

   Office Assistant/Clerk Cashier

   County Clerk Responsibilities:
   Typing correspondence, reports, and other documents. Creating and maintaining files and organizing and filing
   various documents. Running errands, such as collecting documents and transporting documents to other offices. Handling correspondence for
   the County Clerk's office: Maintaining files and records so they remain updated and easily accessible.
   Sorting and distributing incoming mail and prepare outgoing mail. Answering the phone to take messages or redirecting calls to appropriate
   colleagues. Manning the front desk of County Clerk's Office for all Customers and visitors of San Joaquin County.

   Duties Included:

       *   Processes property transfers by reviewing recorded ownership documents by verifying grantors name, APN,
       *   property description against existing records; reviews claims and declarations for various property tax exemptions
       *   Created and updated transfer history charts which illustrate ownership and interest changes;
       *   calculated interest conveyed to ownership principals; identified and investigated errors made in the property
           transfer process.
       *   Identified and resolved defects of title or legal description; posts changes in ownership, taxability,
       *   mailing addresses, tax rate areas, and addresses to various records;
       *   contacts title companies, taxpayers, and attorneys regarding titles and transfers; analyzes and processes a variety of surveys a
       *   Processed parcel splits, tax cancellations and tax segregations; updated files to reflect cancellations and segregations.
       *   Assisted the public by answering routine questions relating to title of property, standard assessment, and parcel
           maps, appraisal, and supplemental tax roll, referring more complex questions to the appropriate sources;
           acts as a resource to the public and to County employees regarding the appraisal records processed and
           maintained.

   Cashier Duties were:

       *   Receive payment by cash, check, credit cards, vouchers, or automatic debits.
       *   Issue receipts, refunds, credits, or change due to customers.
       *   Count money in cash drawers at the beginning of shifts to ensure that amounts are correct and that there is
          adequate change.




                                                           EDUCATION


                                      JOHN HAILES MEDICAL CODING AND BILLING (2011-2012)

                             CERTIFIED MEDICAL BILLER (ICD-9-CM, CPC, HCPCS, MEDICAL TERMINOLOGY).

                                          LOS MEDANOS COLLEGE (1996-1998), 180 UNITS

                                    COURSE WORK TOWARDS - AA - BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION


                                        ADMINISTRATION AND TECHNICAL SKILLS INCLUDE

                                ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT TOP SKILLS & PROFICIENCIES INCLUDE:

           REPORTING SKILLS ADMINISTRATIVE WRITING SKILLS, MICROSOFT OFFICE SKILLS, ANALYSIS

           PROFESSIONALISM, PROBLEM SOLVING, SUPPLY MANAGEMENT ,INVENTORY CONTROL

           VERBAL COMMUNICATION, OFFICE ADMINISTRATION PROCEDURES TYPING SKILLS

           ATTENTION TO DETAIL, ACCURACY, MULTITASK, TELEPHONE SKILLS, TEAMWORK, DISCRETION AND JUDGMENT


                                          TYPE 50 WPM, MICROSOFT SUITE (ADVANCED)     -

             WORD, EXCEL, POWERPOINT), QUICKBOOKS, BILLING CODES (ICD-9-CM, CPC, HCPCS, MEDICAL TERMINOLOGY).


                                                          REFERENCES

                              PROFESSIONAL AND PERSONAL REFERENCES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST          .

