
Vladimir S. Berman, Ph.D.
US Citizen

11704 Potomac Crossing Way. # 12, Fairfax, VA 22030 h. (703) 577-1965
vb7654321@gmail.com


Summary of Qualifications
An experienced, creative professional physicist and mathematician with
extensive physics, computer science and programming skills.  Areas of
specialization include: the mathematical modeling of nonlinear fluid
dynamics problems, physical and biological, ecological and economic
systems; analytical and numeric methods for solutions of non-linear fluid
dynamics; and research in probability, statistics, and chaos.
Conversationally and technically proficient in both English and Russian.

Strengths   Background
*   Mathematical Modeling and Simulation
*   Non-Linear Systems
*   Optimization and Estimation Theory
*   Database Design and Exploitation
*   Advanced Computer Programming
*     Partial and Stochastical Differential Equations.

            *     Applied Mathematics
            *     Theoretical Physics
            *     Software Engineering and Design
            *   Graduate and Post-Graduate Level Professor
            *   Lead Researcher
            *   Numerical Methods.


Professional Experience

ILYA Corporation                                          2007-current
* Development of mathematical and statistical models of optimal design of
  energy supply schemes for  Russian think tank "EnergoCenter".
* Responsible for advanced quantitative modeling .Created the valuation
  and risk assessment and analysis using   bootstrapping and Monte Carlo
  simulations
* As member of senior management team develop quantitative methods and
  algorithms for US Government Contractor for analysis multi-terabytes
  datasets.
* Advise for top management in strategic decisions in mission important
  problems.
* Development different approaches and algorithms for pattern
  recognition, optimal research design, sampling and analysis.
* Classification multi languages documents. Using different approaches,
  one of them Support vector machine.
* Preparation and perform of presentations for multi-disciplinary client
  senior executives.
* Development of the training, mentorship for other members of team.
* Developed statistical models and analysis with using different software
  packages: Matlab, SSPS, R/S-Plus, SAS and Excel.


 COMSYS/SAS
 2006-2008

 Senior Consultant.
 * Statistical and analytical modeling and  analysis large datasets..
 * Providing expertise in  planning and  methodology of  collection of
  data.


 University of Maryland
 2004-2005

 Research Associate, Department of Astronomy.
 * Modeling and development of analytical and numerical methods for
  solutions nonlinear physical problems.
 * Development nonlinear models on base partial differential equations
  with analytical and numerical analysis.

 ILYA Corporation                                          2001-2005

 ILYA Corporation is a small consulting firm specializing in modeling and
 database development.
* Developed products in MS Windows, client/server multi-tier
  environments.  Used C/C++ (Borland and MS Visual), Delphi and Visual
  Basic, MS Access, Sybase and Oracle.
* Developed statistical models with using different software packages :
  Matlab, Statistica, SSPS, S-Plus, Gauss, SAS and Excel/ FinCad.
* Developed mathematical models in statistics, probability and finances.
  Studies and analysis in financial engineering and mathematical
  modeling. Active reading in financial engineering, main textbooks and
  research papers. Familiar with directional documents of   control
  organization, like Basel I/II and other.
* Paper prepared for publication "Analysis of integral equation for
  American Put and Call". Developed method for approximated solution for
  pricing American derivatives with dividends. Find new parity
  relationship put-call.
 This approach can be applied for solution many different derivatives
 problems with early exercise and time-dependent interest rate, like
 mortgage backed securities and some exotic options.
* Development of mathematical and statistical models of optimal design of
  energy supply schemes for  Russian think tank "EnergoCenter".

 Westat, Inc.                                             1998-2001
 Westat is a statistical research corporation serving agencies of the
 U.S. Government, as well as businesses.

 Lead Consultant.
 * General mathematical, analytical, numerical, statistical and
  stochastical methods consulting including extensive experience with
  probability modeling, optimization, and geometrical and combinatorial
  problems. Research that is related to consulting problems.
 * Research in statistical modeling and design, especially the
  development and application of new techniques for the robust and
  flexible approach of replication variance estimation; statistical
  computation and graphics.
 * Statistical modeling and development methods of analysis
  multidimensional nonlinear regression problems including the
  development and maintenance of a computer packages.
 * Development algorithms and its numerical realization and statistical
  software. Development replication methods to sample designs and
  estimators from the simple to the most complex.
 * Design, development and coding in C++, Java and Delphi, for commercial
  software WestVar.
 * Stochastical difference and differential equations, analytical and
  numerical methods.
 * Parametric, nonparametric and multivariate analysis.
 * Development of statistical computing routines and development of
  computer packages that can be run over the WWW.
 *  Strong experience in database statistics, analysis and data
   management. Strong knowledge of statistical and data analysis
   applications: SAS and SPSS, Matlab, S-Plus, Maple and data
   manipulation applications:  Excel, Access, Oracle, Sybase, ODBC.

 GRC International, Inc.                        1996-1997
 GRC is a $125 million, public company specializing in professional
 technical services for the defense, civil, space, and commercial
 sectors.

 Principal Scientist, Decision Technologies Division
 * Performed mathematical modeling of tracking, estimation and
  classification algorithms of ballistic missiles.  Calculated high
  fidelity ballistic trajectory and signature profiles to analyze sensor
  performance. Used for operational test planning to direct sensor data
  collection exercise.
 * Prototyped several concepts for optimization of equipment selection
  for spacecraft. Developed algorithms to perform trade-off studies to
  choose key equipment based on parameters such as weight, shelf life,
  etc. Programmed user interface to illustrate optimization concepts.
  Karman's filtering.
 * Designed and programmed a demonstration version displaying the total
  functionality of a major network optimization tool under development by
  GRCI.  This project was completed in less than one quarter of the time
  estimated by the company.

 International Monetary Fund and World Bank                    1994-1996

 Development models and software for financial transactions and database
 management.
 Computer models are used to estimate risk exposure, analyze various
 strategies,for credit scoring,
 and estimatetion of risk  values.

 National Credit Union Administration                    1993

 Development software for report of financial transactions with credit
 unions.


 Academy of Sciences, Moscow Russia                 to 1993
 Research organization for theoretical physical and mathematical
 studies.

 Full Professor, Lead Researcher
 * Developed analytical and numerical methods for singular perturbation
  systems, continuous groups and stochastic and regular dynamic systems.
  These methods are useful for construction of solutions for mechanics
  problems, including non-linear mathematical models of fluid dynamics,
  combustion and ecological systems.
 * Researched chemical hydrodynamics in order to grow perfect crystals
  during space flight. Developed theory of crystal growth in weightless
  (zero gravity) environments.
 * Researched and developed the theory of combustion for gases and solid
  state propellants.
 * Developed mathematical models for biological systems including the
  prey/predator model and nerve impulse propagation problems.
 * Researched the stability of chemical reactors. Developed high fidelity
  analytical models of current reactor technology.

 Academic Qualifications
 Doctor of Sciences, Applied Mathematics and Physics, Academy of Sciences
 Russia
 Ph.D., Applied Mathematics and Computer Science, Academy of Sciences
 Russia
 M.S./B.S. Applied Physics, Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology,
 Major in molecular and chemical physics.

 Additional Activities
 Invited Professor and Researcher, Japan- 1989-1990.

  Taught Computer Science to undergraduate and postgraduate students and
  researchers of the Nagoya University and The Institute of Space and
  Astronautical Science. Lectured in Artificial Intelligence in the area
  of computer algebra.

 Published approximately 50 technical articles in both Russian and
 International Journals including Applied Mathematics and Mechanics,
 Doklady Academy Nauk USSR, and Physics Letters. Many of these articles
 have been reprinted in the U.S. by the American Physical Society.


 Computer Qualifications
 * Proficient in C++/C, Matlab, Maple, Delphi, Visual Basic,Macsyma,
  Mathematica, MathCAD, S-plus, SSPS, FOR TRAN, Pascal, LISP, Perl,
  Python.
 * Operating Systems: MS Windows, MS DOS, Linux, UNIX, Solaris.
 * Platforms include PC, UNIX workstations, and Super Computers
 * Numerical Methods and Algorithms, Parallel Algorithms, Computer Fluid
  Mechanics.