
KANWAR SINGH
 3849 Glenlake Sps Ct
 Kennesaw, Ga 30144
 Ph: 678-852-4614
 e-mail: kanwar9@hotmail.com

EXPERIENCEManagement: More than 15 years Supervisory experience
 of up to 20 employees. Structured client liaison and Sales/
 Marketing strategies.
Accounting/Finance : Full range of accounting experience
 which includes: Financial Statements, Taxes, A/P, A/R and
 General Accounting.
 Ten years experience in commercial, conforming and nonconforming
 loans. Proficient in DU/LP.
Training: Trained all clerical and administrative employees.
General: Past employment has all involved extensive
 public contact and has required exceptional communicative
 skills, oral & written, on a variety of levels.


EMPLOYMENT
2006 - Present WIDE WORLD FINANCIAL GROUP
Commercial Broker/Manager
Find working capital solutions for individual clients and investor's primary
 for middle market companies and institutions. Deal with asset
based lending,
 A/R management, credit protection, direct due diligence
efforts including
 authorizing and review of initial field exams and prepare
credit memorandums.
 Working knowledge of the various commercial loan products
which include
 CRE, C&I and SBA.

1999 - 2006 AMERISTAR MORTGAGE
Sr. Loan Officer
Developed and managed complex loan accounts, interviewed loan
 applicants, collected and analyzed information which reflected
credit
 worthiness of customers and merits of existing loans.
Consistently managed a
 pipeline of over 1 million dollars every month. Proficient in
all types of loans
 which include Commercial, Conventional, FHA/VA and Equity
Lines.


1996 - 1999 AMERICAN SUMMIT MORTGAGE
Sr. Loan Officer
 Was one of the three highest producers in the company. On
 an average closed over 12 loans per month. Developed strong
business and
 networking skills in order to seek out new clientile and
maintain an active
 pipeline. Established and negotiated the terms under which
credit was extended,
 including the costs, repayment method, schedule and collateral.


1992 - 1996 ABBEY INSURANCE SERVICE
General Manager/Owner
 Owned and managed an Insurance Brokerage Agency. Built
 the business into a million dollar agency in a short span of four years.
 Handled all the financial, sales and training of personnel.


1990 - 1992 METLIFE
Account Executive
 Provided financial services to individual clients and small
 businesses which included Mutual Funds, Employee Benefit
 Plans, 401K's and various other insurance products.

EDUCATION MASTER OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION (MBA)
Georgia State University Major: Finance

BACHELOR OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION (BBA)
University of Jammu - India. Major: Business Administration

REFERENCES Excellent references furnished upon request.