
                                        C. Scott Cunningham
                                    6298 S. Muscadine Ct. Aurora, CO 80016
                          Cell: 303-810-6267     Email: cscottcunningham@gmail.com
Education:
       Colorado State University Global Campus                           Fall 2014
       Bachelor of Science                                               Greenwood Village, Colorado
       Major: Project Management                                         GPA: 3.5/4.0
       Specializations: Emergency Management and Homeland Security & Intelligence
Relevant Experience:
       Kaiser Permanente                                                 Greenwood Village, Colorado
       IT Project Coordinator, NCAL BIO PMO                              November 2014 - Present
           *  Responsible for managing the Continuum of Care Portfolio financials totaling $8 million yearly annually.
           *  Responsible for portfolio level operations including mapping/improving processes, resource and financial
              management.
           *  Analyzes financial reports to show and improve current and future state trends for the portfolio.
           *  Managed the Northern California portion of an enterprise wide project totaling $4.5 million.
           *  Assists in developing business cases with projected costs, ROI and IOI, and presents these finding to
              leadership.
           *  Works with Portfolio leadership to assess project scope and impact of client business needs.
           *  Assists in developing document templates and onboarding SharePoint site.
           *  Independently completes project-related activities, and initiates project/program tasks.
           *  Coordinate project deliverables/issues with key stakeholders.
           *  Develops and maintains project document library. Documents and updates project action items, issues,
              and risk logs.
           *  Researches, compiles, and formats information into databases and spreadsheets. Manages contractor
              invoices to ensure appropriate application of cost centers and GL spending categories; monitors for
              accurate processing through A/P.
           *  Creates status reports, resource management reports, project status reports, and other customized reports
              as requested to comply with Governance or other mandates.
       Constant Contact                                                  Loveland, Colorado
       Account Review/Compliance Specialist                                      March 2012- November 2014
           *  Demonstrate a sense of urgency when responding to customer issues and use guidelines established by the
              Compliance and Delivery team to bring about resolution in a timely manner.
           *  Respond promptly and thoroughly to compliance and support inquiries via telephone and email.
           *  Act as first point of contact for customer inquiries on all compliance related issues such as list reviews,
              confirmed opt-in, list management practices, and account cancellations.
           *  Develop in-depth knowledge of Constant Contact's compliance policy and procedures and mastery of
              customer service skills training curriculum.
           *  Independently resolve compliance issues and escalate issues when appropriate.
           *  Seek and recommend ideas to help cultivate the FAQ/Knowledge Base used by all customers and
              Constant Contact Customer Support staff.
       Customer Support Specialist                                       January 2011- March 2012
           *  Respond promptly and thoroughly to support inquiries via telephone.
           *  Act as first point of contact for customer inquires on billing, compliance, and general inquiries
           *  Provide online demonstrations and educate customers on the features and online help resources available
              to enhance their use of the Constant Contact product
           *  Independently resolve technical and customer support issues and escalate cases when appropriate
           *  Provide valuable "front line" feedback on defects and enhancements to the Product Marketing and
              Engineering teams
Summary of Qualifications:
   *   Experience with: Microsoft Office, Visio, Salesforce, RPM, Microsoft Project Server, OneLink, Cognos, TM1,
       ITCM, SharePoint
Certifications:
   *   Microsoft Project 2010 Certification (MCTS)

