
Grover A. Murchison

103 Peachleaf Court    Home Phone (301) 934-6171
La Plata, Maryland 20646    Cell Phone (301) 643-5556
mailto:grover.murchison@verizon.net

grover.murchison@verizon.net

Objective: To obtain a position in the Aviation Industry
                                 

HIGHLIGHTS OF QUALIFICATIONS

28 Years Naval Aviation Experience, rose through the ranks to achieve Senior
  Chief Petty Officer before transition to Chief Warrant Officer.
Active Government Secret Security Clearance
Experience in hands-on maintenance, personnel supervision, production management,
  policy/procedure enforcement, team building and problem solving.
Extensive knowledge of Naval Aviation Maintenance Programs, Maintenance
  Organization and Strategy.

Program Management involvement in system reliability/capability projects from
  problem identification, engineering evaluation, implementation and reporting.


EMPLOYMENT

2005-Present   National Technologies Associates    Lexington Park, MD
Operational Logistics Manager

Provides logistics support experience in support of the E-2C/C-2 Hawkeye (ACAT 1)
  Program.

Directly supports the E-2C Director of Logistics (DOL) and Assistant Program
  Managers for Logistics (APML's).

Responsible for providing solutions and recommendations relative to the Naval
  Aviation Readiness Integrated Improvement Program (NAVRIIP) and Item Unique
  Identification Program (IUID).

Assisted in the development of the PMA-231 IUID plan.

Performs analysis and evaluation of logistic planning in support of the E-2/C-2
  aircraft systems.

Assisted the Deputy APML in the development of the Readiness Action Team (RAT),
  Critical Item Logistic Review and Logistic Managers Review Processes and
  Operating procedures.

Assisted in the planning and implementation of numerous successfully managed
  Integrated Logistics Support Management Team (ILSMTs), System Safety Working
  Group (SSWG) meetings and Quarterly Program Readiness (QPRR) Reviews.
Team Lead in the validation of Government and Contractor logistics support team
  members supporting the E-2 and C-2 Aircraft Weapon System

1994-2005    U.S. Navy         VX-20    Patuxent River, MD
Naval Aviation Officer

Responsible for all levels of aviation maintenance management and personnel
  supervision for E-2C, EA-6B, E-6B, P-3C, S-3, platforms at O level.
Program Manager for the integration of mission capability and reliability
  platform modifications including all planning, execution and reports.
Grover A. Murchison - page 2

Directly supervised technicians, managers, and engineers.  Responsible for
  training, performance evaluations, merit awards, disciplinary actions and job
  placement for small teams as well as large departments.
Directed daily maintenance activities as well as long term strategic planning for
  all levels of O & I level maintenance in support of major operational and
  developmental test flight organizations in the continental US and remote
  locations around the world.

Responsible for the execution of budgets in excess of $10 million dollars
Accountable for the verification of quality and compliance of maintenance
  practices, workmanship, and documentation of 258 military, civil service and
  contractor personnel in support of 24 test aircraft of 12 different types,
  model and series.

Establishes qualification requirements for Quality Control Inspectors. Develops
  auditing, monitoring and inspection procedures and processes.
Establishes teams to conduct trend analysis.

 Manage the Master Technical Publications Library and Department OSHA programs
As the manager, supervised and trained 220 personnel performing upkeep and
  maintenance on EA-6B aircraft.

Developed and implemented maintenance department standard operating procedures,
  maintenance instructions, quality control procedures and training programs.
Developed and executed long-range maintenance plans ensuring aircraft
  availability.

Managed aircraft/support equipment configuration and technical directive
  programs.

Executed an annual operating budget in excess of 10 million dollars.
Determined capabilities, limitations and reliability of aircraft Power Plant,
  Airframe, Electrical, Environmental-Egress and Avionics systems.
Managed the Individual Material Readiness List program with assets valued over 12
  million dollars.

Maintained material accounting records planned logistic needs and liaison with
  supporting supply activities.

Coordinated with NATO and Foreign Military units for logistic and maintenance
  support during several overseas deployments.

Developed and executed the plans for deployments to Turkey, Italy and Saudi
  Arabia

1976-1994    U.S. Navy    Locations Worldwide
Enlisted Technician/Supervisor

Responsible for training, management and welfare of personnel performing
  maintenance and upkeep on the A-6 and F/A-18 aircraft.

Accountable for an operating budget in excess of 2 million dollars. .
Developed and implemented maintenance plans, instructions and directives.
Designated to certify aircraft as "safe for flight".

Interprets electrical and electronic schematics, blueprints and drawings.
A Master Aircraft Electrician consistently recognized among the best at each duty
  station.


MANAGEMENT SKILLS

Trend Analysis, interpreted and directed analysis for all maintenance activities.
Logistics Specialist, determined capabilities, limitations and reliability of
  aircraft Power Plant, Airframe, Electrical, Environmental-Egress and Avionics
  systems.

Grover A. Murchison - page 3

Publications Management, managed a 2000 item Technical Publications Library
Naval Ground Safety and OSHA program management.

Technical Writer, published hundreds of Standard Operating Procedures and
  maintenance instructions.


EDUCATION

2006    Naval Aviation Configuration Management Expertise Development
2006    NAVAIR Technical Directives System Expertise Development
2005    Lean Six Sigma Yellow Belt
2004    Program Management, (PGM 101), Defense Acquisition University
2003    Bachelor Degree, Professional Aeronautics, Embry-Riddle Aeronautical
  University
2003    Intermediate Systems Acquisition Course, (ACQ 201A), Defense Acquisition
  University
Fundamentals of Acquisition Logistic Management, (LOG 101), Defense Acquisition
University
Fundamentals of System Acquisition Management, (ACQ 101), Defense Acquisition
    University
2003    Basics of Contracting, (CON 101), Defense Acquisition University


REFERENCES

Personal References and Military records are available upon request