

BOBBIE KATZ
Writer/Editor/Reporter/Publicist/Book Author

Consummate, very accomplished, highly creative and respected
writer/editor/reporter/publicist/author. Experienced in all facets of the communications field from
article writing to magazine and newspaper writing and reporting, book writing, blogs, columns, TV
promotional writing, advertising copywriting, and script writing, as well as writing publicity/press
releases. I have also hosted my own entertainment radio show, created a national casino
entertainment TV pilot and brought producers from a major well-known national TV network on board,
and have interviewed celebrities and notables from all walks of life for print, radio, and video.
Entertainment editor of various publications throughout my career as well as being instrumental in
starting up new magazines, both in print and online and helped to make them successful; I work very
well with staff and ensure that all deadlines are met both for articles and photography. Determine
articles and photography. Known for my accuracy, honest reporting, and my ability to get "inside" my
interviewees and get them to talk about personal things that have never been divulged to press
before, I have interviewed more than 1,000 major celebrities of stage, screen, music, TV, art,
fashion, restaurants, and business, some several times, and have gotten many exclusives. I have
maintained relationships with many of them as well as having good relationships with their agents,
managers and PR people and others.

EXPERIENCE

Jobs -
Atlantic City, NJ - Entertainment Editor of three publications - Casino Journal, Casino Player
(national), and Atlantic City Monthly. Helped start up all three publications. Determined stories
and interviewed and wrote stories about celebrities as well as covered openings, press events,
important happenings, hospitality, casino executives, restaurants and attractions, and wrote an
around-the-town column. I oversaw photography and chose the pictures for publication. Member of the
press corps.
Bally's Las Vegas: * Public Relations Manager (Bally's very first). Set up department; was the
liaison between the hotel casino and press; wrote all press releases and promotional materials;
arranged interviews with headliners, entertainers, and executives; interviewed them all and wrote
stores for press publication; created and planned press events, parties, and openings; oversaw any
filming on property including major movies, TV specials, and commercials; worked with every
department in the hotel casino; forged a relationship with the public and more. Simultaneously wrote
for Showbiz, the premiere entertainment publication in Las Vegas, and was also the Entertainment
Editor of Las Vegas Style magazine.
Remote/Freelance Work
L.A. Times - 12-year Vegas Correspondent for the Los Angeles Times Sunday Calendar section and other
special sections. Interviewed and wrote about major headliners appearing in Las Vegas, entertainers,
celebrities, artists, Las Vegas notables, hospitality, openings, major events and happenings,
restaurants, attractions, shows and more.
Conde Nast Publications (became Penton Publications) NY-- Covered trade shows and conventions in Las
Vegas for several of their publications and also interviewed and wrote an article about Bob Macke re
costumes for Cher's Las Vegas Show for Women's Wear Daily.
Freelance Writer-Entertainment Editor for numerous publications. Also helped start up two high-end
print magazines, Risque (bi-monthly) and Class (quarterly), as well as Class' online daily magazine.
Wrote for several Las Vegas publications, including those of the Greenspun Media Group along with
three magazines out of L.A, and national publications. Wrote the cover feature on Roseanne Barr for
Ladies Home Journal and a couple of articles for Variety. Wrote celebrity features and covered
shows, special events, press openings, hospitality, attractions, and happenings; wrote
around-the-town columns as well as feature articles
Vegas Insider Daily - my own website for which I write celebrity features, Vegas updates, an
around-the-town column, special features and more. Besides print articles, I also do video
interviews with headliners, celebrities, entertainers, producers, and others for the site and I
share my headliner features with another popular Las Vegas website.
The Katz Meow - The Last Word in Publicity. My longtime PR/Publicity company for which I have had
clients from every type of business -cosmetics and skincare, medical research, home staging,
hospitality, motivational speakers, stockbrokers, movie producers, entertainers, actors,
entrepreneurs and more.
Book Author -
I have written three books. The first, "Be a Loser," was about a unique aerobics exercise program by
Greer Childers, who had sold millions of tapes of her program on Home Shopping Network. The book,
suggested by me, was published by Times Books, a division of Random House. I wrote the entire
manuscript and am credited on the book as "Greer Childers with Bobbie Katz." The hardback book sold
109,000 copies in its first six months alone and came out in paperback the following year in seven
languages and was distributed worldwide
I also wrote the very first Michelin general guide to Las Vegas (previously they had only done
restaurant guides) as well as a guide about what to see and do in Las Vegas for Spiral Books in
Basingstoke, England. The guide was distributed in Europe and was also in casino gift shops in Las
Vegas.

EDUCATION
Temple University, Philadelphia, PA - B.S. Communications and Theater, Major Journalism

