
Andre T. Suarez
12707 Asbury Drive, Fort Washington, Maryland
Mobile Phone: (301) 943-6225
Email: Dre11792@aol.com

OBJECTIVE
Highly skilled installing, repairing, maintenance and troubleshooting computer hardware and
peripherals. Works well independently, or in a group setting providing all facets of computer
support. Working knowledge of networking devices and printers. Knowledge and understanding of
numerous software packages and operating systems. Proven ability to manage multiple troubleshooting
tasks simultaneously while maintaining the quality of results. Excellent analytical and problem
solving skills.
SKILLS

Remedy 7.6 - MS Office 2007 and 2010 - IE 8- Windows XP/Windows 7- Adobe Acrobat Professional - VPN
Tool - Remote Desktop - Logme In Remote - Google Chrome - Firefox - SnagIt - Active Directory -
SharePoint Server 2007/2010 - LYNC, Blackberry and IPhone Support - Desktop/Laptop Repair -
Application Testing - Equipment Maintenance - Virus/Spyware Removal - Operating System Installation-
System Restoration - Configure Software and Computer Networks - Document Preparation

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

The H.O.P.E Project, Washington DC
Certificate, Helpdesk Support, June 2014
Certificate, Stellar Customer Service, June 2014

Friendly High School, Fort Washington, Maryland
Diploma, General Studies, June 2011

Full Custom and Border Protection Clearance
Public Trust Clearance

WORK EXPERIENCE

Helpdesk Tier 1
 Homeland Security/CBP, Herndon, VA January 2015 - Present

 * Provide logon support for various CBP secure government sites
 * Answer customer calls and escalate to the JAAC and Tier 2
 * Reset government employee passwords and update profiles using active directory
 * Provide remote administrative desktop and software support using Remote Desktop on CBP
 workstations
 * Provide hardware, software and web based application training and support to employees and
 customers

Computer Technician
 JMILCO/Capital Heights, MD May 2014 - July 2014

 * Troubleshoot, repair and test 745-780 model desktops and a variety of laptops for customers.
 * Migrate Windows 7/Windows 8 software, ghost hard drives and install Microsoft Office on
 desktop and laptops.
 * Assist and provide customer service for equipment repair.
 * Monitor store and equipment..

Pre-Loader
United Parcel Service/ Waldorf, MD September 2011- January 2014

 * Sort, scan, grade, weigh, and inspect products, verifying and adjusting product weight or
 measurement to meet specifications.
 * Monitor the production line, watching for problems such as pile-ups, jams, or glue that isn't
 sticking properly to packages.

VOLUNTEER WORK

Camp Counselor
 Potomac Landing Elementary School, Ft Washington MD June 2010

 * Help to lead and instruct kids of ages 4-12 during summer camp.