
TOSHA L MABLE
3031 TEXAS AVE S LOT 28
COLLEGE STATION, TX 77845
(979) 204-7385
tlm006@shsu.edu


Career Objectives
I am a very dedicated certified individual who is seeking
part-time/full-time employment within
any job field within your company that is available. I am a very flexible
individual who is more than willing to learn new skills and meet new
people.

Work History
Aug 01, 2009 - Jun 10, 2011 Hearne ISD - Hearne, Texas, Texas
Teacher
Key Duties:
1. Supervise 2 instructional aides, in addition to planning and
implementing instruction to students in small group
or individualized one on one setting in all subject areas including life
skills and social skills, assisted with keeping
track of student individualized progress and creating Individual
Education Plans, monitor behavior while keeping
track of behavior intervention plans/ classroom management, integrated
technology into instruction, and kept
students with minor to severe disabilities and classroom clean and
sanitized.
2. Creating individual TAKS-ALT activities per student/ keeping
documentation
3. Lesson planning and instructional materials used in teaching diverse
subjects (e.g., language arts, math,
science, social studies and history).
4. Taught students and individuals with learning challenges within a Life
Skills/Resource, inclusive classroom.
5. Travel to homebound students home to teach individualized instruction
2hours a week/2 times per week
6. Keeping an open and respectful communication/ collaborations with
co-workers, students, and parents.
7. Attend staff developments


Aug 14, 2006 - Aug 01, 2009 College ISD - College Station, Texas
Instructional Aide
Key Duties:
Assisted classroom teacher with duties: Planned and implemented
instruction to students in small group or
individualized one on one setting in all subject areas including life
skills and social skills, assisted with keeping
track of student individualized progress and creating Individual
Education Plans, assisted with feeding students
and changing of diapers, classroom management and behavior management,
accompanied students to
mainstreamed classes, integrated technology into instruction, and kept
students with minor to severe disabilities
and classroom clean and sanitized.
*Awarded Support Person of the Year: April/ 2009


Aug 14, 2000 - Aug 14, 2006 College Station ISD Child Nutrition Services
- College Station, Texas
Child Nutrition Cashier:Fry Cook/Food prep & serve
Key Duties:
Kept track of cash register currency, kept track of student and staff
meal accounts, prepared and provided
students and staff with healthy meals, kept track of cold and cooked food
temperatures via health department
codes, cleaned and sanitized kitchen, floor, equipment, and utensils, and
washed dishes using large dishwashing
machine.


Apr 14, 1999 - Jul 10, 2000 Texas Department of Criminal Justice -
Huntsville, Texas
Correctional Officer II
1.Attends pre-service training programs at the Texas Department of
Criminal Justice (TDCJ) Correctional Training
Academy.
2.Searches for contraband and provides security; counts, feeds, and
supervises offenders in housing, work, and
other areas accessed by stairs; and maintains security of various
assigned areas.
3.Provides custody and security of offenders including observing actions
of offenders, squatting and bending to
perform "pat" and "strip" searches of offenders, restraining and securing
sometimes assaultive offenders, and
transferring and transporting offenders by walking or riding.
4.Supervises and provides security of offenders performing technical
skills such as construction, maintenance,
laundry, food service, and in varied industrial and agricultural.
5.Responds to emergencies, including climbing stairs and ladders while
searching for escaped offenders, hearing
calls for and calling for help, giving first aid at the emergency site.
6.Reads, reviews, and properly applies information found in offender
records which is related to the offenders
health and safety and to the security of the facility; provides
leadership and technical guidance to other staff;
complies with policies, procedures, rules, and regulations; enforces
offender disciplinary rules; and prepares and
maintains records, forms, and reports.
Performs a variety of marginal duties not listed, to be determined and
assigned as needed by supervisor(s).
Page 2 MABLE, TOSHA L

Education
Aug 2005 - Dec 2008 Sam Houston State University - Huntsville, Texas
Education Level: Bachelors Degree
Major: Education
Minor: Special(EC-12) and Gen(EC-4)
GPA: 3.12
Total Hours: 89.0
Graduated: Yes
Aug 2002 - May 2005 Blinn College - Bryan, Texas
Education Level: Associates Degree
Major: Criminal Justice
Minor: General Liberal Arts
GPA: 2.67
Total Hours: 63.0
Graduated: Yes

Occupational License or Certification
State Board of Education - Texas
Generalist(EC-4)
Certification
Issued: Mar 03, 2009
Expires: Mar 31, 2014

State Board of Education - Texas
Special Education(EC-12)
Certification
Issued: Mar 02, 2009
Expires: Mar 31, 2014

Occupational Experience
Helpers--Production Workers ( 0 yrs 3 mos )
Computer Skills
Internet Browser (Internet Explorer, Firefox, etc)
Peripheral Devices (Scanners, Printers, etc)
Personal Computers
Presentation Software (PowerPoint, Flash, etc)
Utility Software (Virus, File Compression, etc)
Word Processing Software (Word, WordPerfect, etc)
Language Skills
English - Excellent ( Read Write Speak )
Driver's License
Class C - Standard Driver's License