

Eurika R. Green
4100 Sunflower Circle * Winston-Salem NC 27105 * 336-251-9568
                      Cover.grrl38@gmail.com

I have extensive experience in customer service, office support, and administrative areas with
strengths in account protection, problem-solving, and trouble-shooting. My demeanor is professional,
determined and positive. I have excellent interpersonal communication, customer service, decision
making, and office support skills. These skills include Windows 98/XP/Vista, Microsoft Office,
including Word, Excel, and PowerPoint, Medical Terminology, and compliance with HIPAA regulations.
My experience includes meeting sales goals, handling HR duties, and running an office efficiently.

Work Experience
Accordant Health Services
Customer Service Representative, Feb 2014-Aug 2014
     *      Assisting customers with chronic conditions locate free nursing assistance.
     *      Analyzing patient information with strict adherence to HIPAA guidelines to enroll them in
       programs free of charge.
     *      Quickly and effectively solving customer challenges.

Blue Cross Blue Shield of NC
Administrative Assistant/ Enrollment Specialist, 2008-2013
    *      Provide administrative support to manager and director including managing schedules, arranging
      travel, scheduling meetings, handling client inquiries, and coordinating conference calls.
    *      HR responsibilities such as handling payroll forms.
    *      Directing incoming phone calls, emails, and faxes.
    *      Receiving, researching, and responding to producer/benefits administrator, member, and
      internal customer inquiries while acting as the contact for BCBS field staff, producers, and
      customers.
    *      Ordering of office supplies, keeping detailed records of purchases and productivity while
      keeping budget constraints a top priority.
    *      Underwriting experience with determining eligibility for insurance.
    *      Enroll and maintain membership records via electronic sources, including member additions,
      deletions, and changes for new and renewal business while maintaining an excellent accuracy
      rating in accordance with HIPAA regulations.
    *      Use of Medical Terminology in member records.

Blue Cross Blue Shield of NC
Customer Service Professional, 2005-2008
    *      Provided accurate and appropriate information in response to customer inquiries regarding
      insurance benefits and claims.
    *      Addressed customer service inquiries via incoming phone calls.
    *      Maintained up-to-date records at all times by documenting call inquiries and resolution.
    *      Provided complaint handling and resolution.

Education
Winston Salem State University - Winston-Salem, NC
1992 to 1995

References
Elizabeth Fleming, Section on Hospital Medicine, WFUBMC
Patti Rowan, Financial Clearance Rep, WFUBMC

