
Douglas Dodasovich
123 S Plymouth Road, Dallas, Texas 75211 * 214-330-7147 / 
  graphixsguy@hotmail.com   www.graphixsguy.com

Graphic Designer


SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
A seasoned professional with proven, hands-on experience in all channels of
  marketing and graphic design, both print and online.  A motivated team member
  and strong leader with concise communication skills, strategic marketing
  skills, and exceptional creative abilities including direct mail, brochures,
  doortags, flyers, forms, new corporate logos, branding, sales tools, etc. 
  Proficient in desktop publishing software on both Mac and PC platforms.  Able
  to ensure repeat business and increase revenue through effective customer
  service, management and highly developed organizational skills.  Demonstrated
  areas of expertise include:

Market Analysis    Strategic Planning    Account Management    Communication
Client Relations    Customer Service    Problem Solving    Negotiations
Observation Skills    Planning/Coordinating    Team Management    Leadership
  Skills


SELECTED ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Marketing Project/Traffic Manager
Successfully managed nationwide and local Direct Mail Customer Acquisition
  Campaigns from conception through execution and analysis, achieving average
  response rate of 3.0%+.

Increased direct mail response rate from .5% to 3% and negotiated with
  programmers (HBO, Showtime, etc.) to finance the production in exchange for
  including them in an upgrade capacity by replacing direct mail pieces provided
  by programmers with TVMAX focused work created personally.
Developed and implemented Marketing Plans including Direct Mail, Telemarketing,
  Direct Sales, Bill Messaging, etc.

Managed production of all revenue generating advertisements for six separate
  weekly advertising publications.

Successfully kicked off marketing initiatives by bringing together all necessary
  departments and defining scope and details of projects.
Acted as key communication point and problem solver for all departments by
  facilitating communication between departments to ensure project completion.

Strategic Marketing
Acquired new business in existing markets with large centralized and
  small-targeting marketing campaigns.

Successfully managed vendor relationships (print, mail-house, bill-house,
  fulfillment, agency) in balancing the dynamics of quality work in a timely
  manner within budgeted parameters.

Managed graphic art staff in producing innovative advertisements and introduced
  new product offerings into the marketplace.

Produced forecasted results while managing expenses within budget.
Provided superior customer service to both internal and external customers.
Effective communicator of all internal and external communications including all
  marketing copy, bill messages, newsletters, telemarketing scripts, etc.

Graphic Designer
Trimmed turn around time on ads and proofs from days to minutes by convincing
  owner of Greensheet to set up an Art Department for six DFW weekly ad papers. 
  Implemented the department, resulting in faster response, increased revenues
  for the company, and increased commissions for the sales executives.
Created, developed and produced all creative marketing materials including direct
  mail, brochures, door tags, flyers, forms, etc. necessary to execute consumer
  marketing programs.

Designed, developed and launched new corporate logo, tagline & branding.
Designed and produced revenue generating advertisements in deadline sensitive
  environments that effectively conveyed client's message, produced desired
  response, and ensured repeat business.

Created/produced sales tools (spec work, media kits, product mock-ups, etc.) that
  enabled sales team to acquire new business.

Master in industry standard desktop publishing software on both the Mac and PC
  platforms.

Designed and maintained corporate website including HTML coding and use of
  standard web publishing software.


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
TVMAX Cable Systems - In-House Corporate Marketing Creative Manager   
  1999-Present
TACITO Direct Marketing - Graphic Designer    2006
Dallas Independent School District - Teacher    2004-2006
Greensheet Advertising Publications - Sales, Graphic Design, Art Coordinator   
  1986-1999


EDUCATION
Oral Roberts University - Bachelor of Science Degree, Biology    1985