
YURIY SHILO
                           5317 Hackberry Lane
                           Sacramento, CA 95841
                           Cell: (916) 335-3795
                           tyakosh@gmail.com

OBJECTIVE

           To obtain a position of Accountant Assistant or any other position where my education,
           skills, and dedication will prove to be an asset to the team I work with.

SUMMARY

           A well presented, industrious and highly personable individual who has extensive in-depth
           experience of the entire banking industry.

            *      Efficient and organized professional with extensive experience in accounting systems.
             Computer literate: MS Office, Quickbooks, Promiles, Dispatch.
            *      Possess strong analytical and problem solving skills, with the ability to make well
             thought out decisions.
            *      Highly trustworthy, discreet and ethical.
            *      Resourceful in the completion of projects, effective at multi-tasking.
            *      An unwavering commitment to customer service, with the ability to build productive
             relationships, resolve complex issues and win customer loyalty.
            *      Hardworking and energetic; flexible; adapt easily to change of environment and work
             schedule.
            *      Detail-oriented planner who manages schedules, sets priorities, and adjusts quickly to
             address special circumstances.
             *      Strong team player ethics, and willingness to help all reach goals.
             *      Fluent in English and Russian.


EDUCATION

           Diploma in FIATA (International Federation of Freight Forwarders Associations)

           BA in Mechanical Engineering, Transport and Communication Academy, Alma-Ata, Kazakhstan

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

            RVS Line, Sacramento, CA
            Accountant /Bookkeeper (2013-2015)
            Performed Accountant's functions for a medium sized transportation company.
           *      Managed financial departments with responsibility for Budgets, Forecasting.
             Accounts Payable and Receivable.
           *      Processed financial transactions including transferring payments, refunding credit
             amounts or deposits, adjusting charges and/or deposits, reversing payments, reissuing
             refunds, and adjusting service fees.
           *      Created budgets and forecasts for the management group.
           *      Ensured compliance with accounting deadlines.
           *      Prepared company accounts and tax returns for audit.
           *      Able to work with bankers, insurers and solicitors regarding financial transactions.
           *      Recorded company's business transactions and retained all accounting records for tax
             purposes.
           *      Analyzed and reconciled computer reports; prepared periodic and special reports;
             maintained various manual records, logs and ledgers; reviewed, audited, analyzed and
             reconciled customer billing records and make adjustments as needed.

            Aliya Enterprises, Inc (Tutti Frutti), Los Angeles, CA
            Yogurt Store Manager/Franchise Owner (2006-2008)
           *      Major goal was to promote excellent customer service through courtesy and friendliness.
           *      Managed restaurant operations in terms of staffing and scheduling functions.
             Interviewed, hired and trained personnel to work in a restaurant environment.
             Coordinated, trained and oversaw kitchen staff in meal preparation and presentation.
           *      Checked production schedule to determine variety and quantity of food items that are
             consumed and need to be re-ordered. Maintained highest sanitation and food safety
             standards within the kitchen environment.
           *      Ensured provision of service in terms of order accuracy and time management. Directed
             all activities related to customer service, merchandise flow, store maintenance, price
             changes, shortage prevention and sales support functions.
           *      Took care of the daily cashflow; ensured accurate and timely processing of all
             payments; followed fraud prevention and security procedures.
           *      Managed customer complaints and queries. Led a marketing campaign to solicit new
             business and succeeding by meeting set goals effectively.

           LTD Aktau-Trans-Port, Aktau, Kazakhstan
           Shipping & Logistics Director (2004-2012)
           SHIPPING
           *      Liaised with shipping agents on custom duties, tariff classification on procedures,
             documentations, insurance and bills of lading.
           *      Arranged uplift of imports and exports consignments, liaising with hire truckers on the
             best freight charges agreed upon.
           *      Sourced the most efficient and economic freight forwarder and ensure availability and
             establishing standard contracts at competitive prices.
           *      Liaised with local inter-ferry services for chartering of dangerous goods to site.
             Organized customs clearance, import documentation and regulations. Freight costs,
             transport capacity, packaging regulations and hazardous material handling.
           *      Ensured that divisional users are provided with the necessary resources to perform
             their functions whilst minimizing the overall investments in inventory. Accurate
             inventory control, database system and records need to be maintained as does an
             efficient distribution system throughout the multi-site organization.
           *      Extensive knowledge and experience in international freight and shipping.

           PROCUREMENT /LOGISTICS
           *      Ensured that divisional users are provided with the necessary resources to perform
             their functions whilst minimizing the overall investment in inventory.
           *      Accurate inventory control, database system and records need to be maintained as does
             an efficient distribution system throughout the multi-site organization.
           *      Specific experience in truck, motor pool and container management
           *      Oversaw the Logistics Dispatch and Loading Team operations ensuring that clear
             instructions have been given and are being followed so as not to impact exports and to
             ensure accuracy in procedures.
           *      Sourced the best quote for overseas freight charges.
           *      Liaised with international Customs and Ports to ensure smooth operations with respect
             to imports and exports.
           *      Mentored and developed subordinates for personal and professional growth.

           Caspiy Inter-Ferry LTD, Aktau, Kazakhstan
           Logistics Broker (2001-2004)
      Similar to the description above.
           *      Participated in the overall planning, coordination, supervision and control of the
             Procurement Section and its relative activities.
           *      Liaised with freight agent for clearing consignments as well as custom department for
             clearance of consignments by sea and air - this included custom documentation, wharf
             charges and delivery of consignment plus transportation.
           *      Received, reviewed and processed overseas quotation submitted by suppliers.
           *      Provided technical assistance regarding local procurement laws, rules and procedures.

REFERENCES

            Will be provided upon request.