
Jair
Toralva               Jair Toralva
                      970 Bunker Hill Rd.
                      Houston, Texas, 77040
Drafter
                      832-770-1114
Sales Rep.            jairtoralva1993@gmail.com

Estimator


ㅡ
Skills
                      Structural CAD Drafter/Estimator/Sales representative with primary
                      experience in the steel and metal building industry. Consistently work
                      with all levels of management, multiple discipline engineers and clients.
                      Proficient in Excel, Word, MBS, AutoCAD and Microstation CAD systems.
                      Familiar with IBC building codes as well as ASTM material standards.
                      Seeking mechanical designer position utilizing Solidworks to
                      commensurate with current experience while allowing the opportunity to
                      acquire more knowledge and progressive responsibility.

ㅡ
Experience




                      Detailer III/CAD Operator
                      Cornerstone Building Brands
                      Remote
                      March, 2021 - Present

                          *  Coordinated with Sales, Engineering and Field Services to ensure quality
                             of service and customer specifications are met.
                          *  Checked drawings for consistency in all annotated measurements prior
                             to submittal for next operation.
                          *  Ensured member sizes, member connections, and non-standard
                             specifications met engineering design requirements.
                          *  Produce detailed drawings for shop fabrication of the steel metal
                             buildings.
                          *  Ensured drawings were produced in a timely manner.




                      Checker/CAD Operator
                      Whirlwind Steel Buildings & Components
                      8234 Hansen Rd, Houston, TX 77075
                      June 12th, 2018 - February 26th, 2019


                          *  Checked shop drawings, erection drawings and BOM's for consistency in
                             all annotated measurements prior to submission for fabrication.
                          *  Ensured drawings were produced in a timely manner.
                          *  Coordinated with Sales, Engineering, Fabrication plant and Field Services
                             to ensure quality of service and customer specifications are met.




                      Detailer II/CAD Operator
                      NCI Steel Building Co
                      7313 Fairview St, Houston, TX 77041
                      January 5th     , 2015 - November 7th, 2017

                          *  Produced 3D models of steel structures, erection drawings issued for
                             Customer Approval/Permit/Construction and shop drawings along with
                             the bill of materials to fabricate and erect steel metal buildings.
                          *  Coordinated with Sales, Engineering and Field Services to ensure quality
                             of service and customer specifications are met.
                          *  Checked drawings for consistency in all annotated measurements prior
                             to submittal for next operation.
                          *  Calculated cut lengths of steel members (Columns, Rafters, Girts, Purlins,
                             Channels, etc..) to produce detailed drawings for the shop fabrication of
                             the steel metal buildings.
                          *  Ensured drawings were produced in a timely manner.




                      Detailer I/CAD Operator
                      United Structures of America Inc
                      1912 Buschong Rd. Houston, TX 77039
                      December 16th 2013 - December 22nd 2014

                          *  Detailed design drawings supplied by engineering to produce drawings
                             for Customer Approval, Permit and Fabrication of steel metal buildings.
                          *  Checked drawings for consistency in all annotated measurements prior
                             to submittal for next operation.
                          *  Performed calculations to determine sizes of steel members (Columns,
                             Rafters, Girts, Purlins, Channels, etc..) to produce detailed drawings for
                             the shop fabrication of the steel metal buildings.
                          *  Ensured drawings were produced in a timely manner.




                      Sales Rep./Estimator/CAD Operator
                      Longhorn Steel
                      11921 F.M. 529 Houston, TX 77041
                      October 1st 2012 - September 13th 2013


                          *  Assists sales in determining the overall quote strategy and coordinating
                             quoting takeoffs.
                          *  Executing on customer requests/responding to customer needs.
                          *  Log in quotations for the inside sales department.
                          *  Assemble documents for the sales, engineering and manufacturing
                             department.
                          *  Contact vendors to obtain quotes for outside services needed.
                          *  General office duties- reports, answering calls, data entry, spreadsheets,
                             filing, shredding, etc.
                          *  Provide additional support to sales staff such as nesting steel members in
                             Autocad to ensure marginal profit is met.
                          *  Assist sales manager and inside sales personnel with documentation
                             processing.
                          *  Acquired a vast knowledge of the steel industry and became familiar
                             with:




                          *  Carbon steel grades in standards such as ASTM, ABS and EN 10027.
                          *  Operations and regulations for fabricating carbon steel products such as
                             UT, CVN & MP testing, Forming, Welding, Drilling & Tapping, coating, etc..
                          *  Reading a bill-of-materials and Material Test Reports issued by the mill of
                             origin for quoting takeoffs and to ensure customer specs are met(steel
                             chemistry, yield, tensile, etc..).
                          *  Several customer/vendor standards.




                      As-Built Drafter(Internship)
                      Williams Co
                      2800 Post Oak Blvd, Houston, TX 77056
                      September 2010- January 2011

                          *  Checked final survey construction and field drawings for Alabama region
                             pipelines.
                          *  Worked side-by-side with Project Managers, Engineers and Lead
                             Designers to create and annotate plan view and elevation drawings all in
                             ISO standard.
                          *  Made final revisions, additions and corrections to isometrics models and
                             callouts as directed by the project checker, lead or engineer.




ㅡ                     Westchester Academy for International Studies
Education             Class of 2011


                      Lonestar College Systems

                      Associate of Science - Class of 2017


                      University of Houston
                      Currently enrolled in:
                      Bachelors of Science in Physics Curriculum