
MIKE SUMNER

10206 Champions Circle
231.668.1993
Franklin, TN 37064
mikesumner1969@gmail.com


Information Technology Operations Manager

17+ years experience in planning, developing and implementing state of
the art IT solutions fulfilling the mission and goals of the organization
while facilitating organizational growth. Fiscal responsibilities include
short-term and long-term budget projections as well as adhering to
changing budget constraints. Relational skills include consensus
building, crisis management, problem-solving, personnel management and
vendor negotiations.  Lead and participate in cross-functional project
teams with diverse technical backgrounds.  Well rounded IT background
including managing the following IT services: network services, service
desk, systems engineering, systems operations, communication services,
data storage systems and desktop services.

   * Strategy & Planning - Designed and implemented short-term and
     long-term IT goals as well as engineering and implementing the
     infrastructure to meet and support those goals.  These goals and
     solutions align with the organizations strategic mission.
   * Innovation and Creativity - Championed segmented network management,
     infrastructure standards implementation and student management
     system installation.  Lead the organization into collaboration
     application installation and efficiencies as well as IT governance
     standard implementations.
   * Risk Taking and Risk Management - Utilized project management
     techniques that highlight risks to each project and adhered to risk
     avoidance and business continuity planning techniques. Maintain IT
     risk management, security awareness and disaster recovery skills
     through attending numerous training sessions to keep skills
     current.
   * Results Orientation - Serve constituency with a customer oriented
     service style.  Determine project and request goals, work to
     meet/exceed those goals.
   * Coaching and Mentoring - All team members performed at or above
     expectation and raised the level of their performance through
     communication and leading by example.

Consistent success meeting all target goals and deadlines within or below
budget.


Professional Experience

Deloitte & Touche LLP                         03/08 to Present
 Operations Manager - Oversee and manage multiple infrastructure
 platforms that include: BizTalk, WebLogic, JBoss, Terminal Services,
 IIS, Citrix and SharePoint. Lead teams in the creation/adherence of a
 Service Catalog according to ITIL v3 standards, Lead the creation of KPI
 methodologies and KPI implementations across the enterprise, Maintain
 enterprise intranet/extranet portal environment (40,000 users),
 Participate in team managed upgrade of portal technologies, Utilize
 automated monitoring for enterprise portal systems, Manage various
 environments associated with ERP (SAP) connections for intranet portal,
 Direct and mentor team members as well as associated personnel
 management tasks, Oversee management of hundreds of applications and
 application deployments to the portal(s) utilizing SDLC methods, Lead
 and participate in multiple simultaneous projects and project
 management, Coordinate with various departments and personnel to resolve
 complex enterprise challenges, Create and adhere to SLA with associated
 constituents, Maintain load balancing, DR, BCP and HA throughout the
 environment, Utilize process improvement technologies and procedures to
 increase environment efficiencies, Maintain up-to-date environment
 documentation.


Interlochen Center for the Arts                 06/02 to 02/08
System Manager - Provide project management for IT Ops Team and various
IT projects, Develop strategic long range planning for all facets of IT
for the department and infrastructure, Assist in developing budget
projections and reports, Assist in implementation of ITIL, Direct a team
of IT professionals, Provide workstation support for 1000+ computers,
server support for 32+ servers, network support for 45+ Cisco
switches/routers.  Direct IT security team, develop/maintain IT security
strategic planning. Administer various Microsoft Server OS installations
(2000, 2003, SMS, SUS, Exchange, SharePoint 2003/2007, Microsoft AD
Administration). Modify/maintain Cisco network equipment, Utilize various
reporting tools for the domain/infrastructure, Standards development and
maintenance, Image creation and maintenance using Symantec Ghost & Apple
tools, Support Microsoft RMS system, Maintain current OS standards
(Windows & Mac OS).  Coordinate with other team members for problem
solving, Client/Server software maintenance for Macs and pcs, End-user
relations & training, Asset Tracking responsibilities.

PCS Consulting                         10/98 to 06/02
IT Consultant - Provide IT management, system management, project
management, system integration, network administration, network design,
desktop troubleshooting, and software installation for various schools
and manufacturing firms.  Submit budget proposals for cyclical asset
replacement & department operation.  Install servers and workstations (MS
2000 & XP).  Setup and install server-side and workstation databases and
software. Design corporate websites, maintain fixed asset inventories,
and troubleshoot Cisco router installations.  Work with various OS's &
platforms (WIN 98, ME, NT, 2000, XP, MAC, AS400).  Use software
applications (Symantec Ghost) for desktop software standardization.

Hoosier Energy REC                        10/93 to 10/98
Instrument Technician - Install, calibrate, maintain, troubleshoot, and
repair various measurement devices.  The devices are electronic,
pneumatic, hydraulic, or pressure in nature.  Perform preventative
maintenance on various electronic devices.  Maintain and troubleshoot
computers and network peripherals.  Participate in a team environment to
problem solve and troubleshoot to resolution.


Education
Bachelors Degree - EET
ITT Technical Institute
Indianapolis, IN 46268


Licenses/Memberships/Training

      * Harvard Business School - Management training, Leadership
        training
      * ITIL V3 Certified - 10/09
      * PMP training - 02/09
      * CISSP training - Training Camp - 11/06
      * IT Security Training  - SANS Security Essentials 401- 06/05, SANS
      Audit 410 training - 09/07
      * MCSE (Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer) NT track
      * MCP (Microsoft Certified Professional), MCP + Internet
      * Microsoft TechEd - 2005, 2007
      * FCC GROL (Replaces first class FCC license)


REFERENCES FURNISHED UPON REQUEST