
THOMAS M. FLYNN, MBA
15673 Fallen Oak Ln. Chino Hills, CA 91709
tflynn506@gmail.com, Phone 909-680-1480

Experienced and goal-oriented Executive with a demonstrated track record of financial reporting and
analysis. Proven expertise in driving efficiency and productivity through evaluation of financial
management systems and implementation of process improvements. Leader directing financial management
teams to support achievement of overall business goals and objectives.
Core competencies include:
  *      Accounting Management
  *      Acquisition Integration
  *      Forecasting & Budgeting
  *      Cash Management
  *      Presentation Skills
  *      Reporting
  *      Technology Integration
  *      SOX compliance
  *      Efficiency Improvements



POLYCERA, Inc. / WATER PLANET, INC, Inglewood, California
SVP of Finance & Administration                                          May 2015 - Present

PolyCera, Inc., a spinoff from Water Planet, Inc. develops and manufactures next generation
ultrafiltration membranes treating the most challenging waters.

  *      Executive who directs all financial management functions for a privately held Ultrafiltration
    membrane company including budgeting, HR, payroll, reporting.
  *      Took control of the Accounting department of a small private company.
  *      Financial member of a team that closed multiple fundraising rounds.
  *      Assisted in the launch of the PolyCera membrane products.
  *      Prepare and deliver monthly financial package to management and the BOD.
  *      Controlled departmental spending and managed cash through lean periods.
  *      Implemented Policies and Procedures to standardize processes.

NANOH2O INC, El Segundo, California
VP of Finance                                                      May 2012 - Dec 2014

NanoH2O Inc. developed and manufactures energy efficient desalination membranes in the market. NanoH
2O Inc. manufactures its membranes in California and distributes them around the world. They have
successfully proven their membranes are more energy efficient than the rest of the market by
unseating the competition in large and small installations across the globe.

  *      Executive who directs all financial management functions for a privately held desalination
    company including budgeting, HR, payroll, reporting.
  *      Reduced staffing levels by 30% while keeping high level of quality output.
  *      Completed the first phase of the Epicor (ERP) implementation and conversion from QuickBooks.
  *      Prepare and deliver monthly financial package to management, lenders and the BOD.
  *      Gained control of departmental spending and helped cut monthly cash burn in half.
  *      Successfully analyzed inventory levels which allowed for a 200+% increase in revenue while
    minimizing negative cash impact on the business.
  *      Executive leader of product cost reduction teams that reduced costs by 23% in 2013.
  *      Financial lead on the team to build a high-volume production facility in China.
  *      Financial representative during merger due diligence and ultimate sale of the company.

TOP-SHELF FIXTURES LLC, Chino, California
Controller                                                            Feb 2011 - May 2012
Designs and manufactures sheet metal and wire shelving, racks and displays mainly for grocery and
convenience stores.

  *      Direct all financial management functions for a small privately held manufacturing company.
  *      Reconciled, corrected and delivered three year's financial statements to management and tax
    accountants.
  *      Prepared and delivered monthly financial reports to management on a timely basis.
  *      Successfully managed cash flow to keep operations running.

FIBERTECH POLYMERS LLC, Ontario, California
Controller / Operations Manager                                          June 2007 - Jan 2010

FiberTech Polymers extruded fiber and plastic planks used in garden and fencing applications. Their
unique process utilized cellulose fibers from recycled cardboard and mixed it with HDPE and LDPE
plastics to form the boards. FiberTech Polymers sold through the "Big Box" distribution channels as
well as fencing contractors. In 2010, FiberTech Polymers Inc. filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy and
closed.


  *      Directed all financial management and manufacturing functions for a small privately held
    manufacturing company including reporting monthly and yearly financial results, developing
    yearly operating budgets and creating weekly manufacturing schedules.
  *      Prepared and delivered monthly and yearly financial reports to the board of directors.
  *      Successfully managed cash flow to keep the company in business.
  *      Cleaned two years worth of financial records in preparation of year end audits and investor
    presentations.
  *      Successfully guided the company through chapter 11 reorganization in 90 days.
  *      Managed all facets of manufacturing operations including purchasing, planning manufacturing, and
    shipping.
  *      Implemented personnel and procedure structure which increased efficiency, quality and total
    output through the plant.

AEROCONTROLEX GROUP, Painesville, Ohio            December 2001 - December 2006
Controller                                                August 2003 - December 2006

AeroControlex, a division of The TransDigm Group, is a designer and manufacturer of highly
engineered aerospace components. They have three main product lines, manual cable and gearbox
controls, lubrication pumps and valves. AeroControlex boasts they have components on almost
everything flying.

  *      Directed financial management functions including reporting of monthly/quarterly financial
    statements, financial forecasts, and budgets for a leading Aerospace company. Administered all
    financial management systems, evaluated and integrated new applications. Developed accounting
    and information management team to achieve established objectives.
  *      Financial representative of the largest division of TransDigm Group Inc. managing 44% annual
    revenue growth.
  *      Member of acquisition teams responsible for integrating two separate $10 to $15 million
    businesses into existing operations.
  *      Set up one acquisition to comply with current reporting structure as a stand-alone business.
  *      Performed look-back audits to verify consolidation savings of acquired businesses.
  *      Implemented SOX policies and procedures in accordance with corporate guidelines.
  *      Coordinated all External, Governmental and Customer financial audits.

Assistant Controller                                          December 2001 - August 2003
  *      Managed general accounting functions including AR/AP, cost and inventory reporting, timely
    account reconciliations, payroll, and cash management.
  *      Prepared financial reports, developed budgets, and performed variance analysis in accordance
    with business plan.
  *      Improved monthly closing and reporting processes by developing improved spreadsheets and
    database files used for analysis. Effectively managed receivables to an average 50 days.

ARNCO CORPORATION, Elyria, Ohio
Senior Cost Analyst                                          August 2000 - December 2001

Arnco manufactured HDPE and LDPE and low toxin plastic piping used in power, phone and cable TV
installations. They also designed and manufactured the equipment used to insert the cabling into the
piping. Arnco sold product to telecom installers as well as local and statewide power companies.
They had three manufacturing locations in the U.S. and one in Mexico. In 2007 the Audax Group
purchased Arnco Corp

  *      Managed the cost and inventory function for a $40million business.
  *      Established regular reporting of manufacturing variances and margin analyses so management could
    understand the financial impact of production.
  *      Instituted procedures and trained personnel in four manufacturing locations on consistent
    inventory transactions that directly lead to a reduced dependence on physical inventories. Wrote
    procedures and conducted physical inventories in four plants and was responsible for
    communicating the results to the president of the company.

 INVACARE CORPORATION, Elyria, Ohio                  February 1994 - August 2000
 Manager of Corporate - Accounting      September 1999 - August 2000
Manufacturing and distribution around the globe, Invacare is a world leading manufacturer of
wheelchairs, oxygen therapy equipment and home medical equipment.
  *      Managed the corporate ledgers of a $900 million public manufacturer of home health care
    equipment.

  *      Analyzed monthly spending levels by functional group and prepare management reports for key
    executives.
  *      Consolidated and compiled the current functional operating budget as well as key analyses of
    budget to actual comparisons.
  *      Communicated with various division/functional personnel regarding accounting issues and budget
    to actual differences.

Skills: Proficient in MS Excel, Word, Access, Power Point. Experienced in Various ERP and Accounting
systems; Oracle, MAPICS, Fourth Shift, Syspro, Syteline, Epicor, QuickBooks.


EDUCATION
Baldwin Wallace College, Masters of Business Administration May 2005
Cleveland State University, BA - Business Administration, Major Accounting December 1993