
Rasheed
7372796091
rasheedmdevops@gmail.com
Summary:

 *      8 years of experience as DevOps Engineer in Software Industry with experience in designing Build
   process, Software Product Development, Process Automation, Build and Deployment Automation,
   Release Management, Source Code repository & Environment management.
 *      Experience in Cloud Administrator on Microsoft Azure, involved in configuring virtual machines,
   storage accounts, resource groups, function applications, Service Bus, VM scale set with custom
   script, App service deployment and Azure SQL server.
 *      Strong understanding of DevOps philosophies along with the tools.
 *      Strong experience with configuration management and software provisioning with tools such as
   ansible.
 *      Strong believer of DevOps Methodologies and working towards a core DevOps engineer who can bring
   an end-to-end workflow of Continuous Integration, Continuous Delivery and Continuous Deployment
   process for an organization.
 *      Experience in Microsoft Enterprise Environments for multiple infrastructure upgrades, including
   Azure Cloud. Experience in Azure Cloud Skills: ARM templates, Azure Web App /API, Azure Search,
   Azure Function, Azure service backup Vault and Recovery Service Vault and Backup/Restore, SQL DB,
   Azure Data Factory, Azure Data Lake Storage, Monitor, and optimize databases, Terraform and Cloud
   IaaS.
 *      Extensively worked on Hudson/Jenkins, Docker for continuous integration and for End-to-End
   automation for all build and deployments.
 *      Experience with the Android Open-Source Project (AOSP) platform build system.
 *      Experience in Branching/Labelling/Merging and other SCM work on various Centralized SVN and
   Distributed.
 *      Extensive experience includes SCM, Change/Incident Management, VMware and AWS Cloud computing,
   working with cloud formation templates, strong interest in learning new cloud technologies.
 *      Involved in implementation of ITIL practices.
 *      Knowledge on Docker based container deployments to create shelf environments for dev teams and
   containerization of environments delivery for releases.
 *      Strong proficiency in supporting Production Cloud environments (AWS, Azure, and VMWare) as well
   as traditional managed hosted environments.
 *      Experience building Unity, iOS and Android apps with required tools for building and testing,
   deploying.
 *      Experience in migrating SVN repositories to GIT.
 *      Experience in Network LAN/WAN deployments, including IP addressing and troubleshooting and
   understanding of networking concepts, configuration of networks, router configuration and
   wireless security, TCP/IP, VPN, content filtering, VLANs, and routing in LAN/WAN, Ethernet Port
   and Networks.
 *      Expert knowledge of enterprise application development technologies using .NET framework in the
   areas of performance, security, scalability and extensibility.
 *      Experience on Virtual Private Cloud (VPC), SUBNET, Elastic Load Balance (ELB), Elastic IP
   Addresses, Security Groups, Amazon Machine Images (AMI's), S3, Cloud Watch, Cloud Monitor, Auto
   Scaling, SNS, SQS, Code Commit, Code Deploy, Code Pipeline, RDS, API Gateway, Cloud Trail, ECS,
   OPSWRKS, Lambda Functions, Route53.
 *      In-depth understanding of the .NET framework and Class libraries. CI/CD tools and configuration
   management tools
 *      Hands on experience with application servers Apache, Tomcat, and JBoss.
 *      Design, integration, deployment and administration of J2EE Application servers -Tomcat,
   Application Server across UNIX, Windows and Linux platforms.
 *      Worked on Jira ticketing tool and supported for Jira migration project.
 *      Familiar with Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) processes.
 *      Knowledge on various Docker components like Docker Engine, Hub, Machine, Compose and Docker
   Registry.
 *      Proficient in implementing and supporting CI process via Jenkins for several java applications
   including setting up pipeline jobs and downstream job configurations in Jenkins.
 *      Experience in setting up Released based CI jobs based on branches, and environment specific job
   configurations.
 *      Experience with build tools Ant Bamboo and Maven for writing build.xmls and pom.xmls for new
   applications and improvising the existing build scripts on need basis.
 *      Good understanding of building the Android Applications using the Maven and Jenkins.
 *      Experience in AWS, which included managing application in the cloud and creating instances.
 *      Experience in using Maven builds.
 *      Adept with firewall and networking.
 *      Worked with Packer, terraform, Docker, PostGRE SQL, MongoDB.
 *      Good Understanding of ITIL Release Management guidelines from Release and Change Management
   perspective.
 *      Experience with web and application servers (Apache http server, Tomcat).
 *      Experience in using configuration management tools like AWS/Openstack.
 *      Ability to learn and adapt quickly to the emerging new technologies and paradigms.
 *      Excellent communication, interpersonal and analytical skills and team player with the ability to
   work independently.




Technical Skills:

Programming    Python, Java, JSON, YAML, Bash, C++
Source Control/Versioning    CVS, GIT
CI Tools    Docker, Vagrant, Jenkins, Kubernetes
Build Tools    Jenkins, Maven, Ant., Atlassian Bamboo
Databases    MySQL, MongoDB
Security Tools    Wireshark
Protocols/Services    LDAP, DNS, HTTP, HTTPS, POP3, NFS, NIS, TLS/SSL, DHCP
Cloud Technologies    AWS, VMware, Azure
Bug Tracking Tools    JIRA
Web Servers    Apache Tomcat, JBOSS.
OS    Linux, Ubuntu, Red Hat 6.x, Mac OS X, Windows 8/7/XP




Professional Experience:

Edward Jones, St. Louis, MO Mar 2020 to Till Date
Role: Sr. AWS Devops Engineer

Responsibilities:

 *      Managed Amazon Web Services (AWS) infrastructure with automation and configuration management
   tool such as Chef. Designing cloud hosted solutions, specific AWS product suite experience.
 *      Created IAM policies for administration in AWS to assist applications and teams across local
   geographical and remote areas.
 *      Worked with app logs in Splunk.
 *      Built artefacts using Maven as a build tool
 *      Created the automated build and deployment process for application, re-engineering setup for
   better user experience, and leading up to building a continuous integration system.
 *      Worked with Jenkins for cloud environment and Pivotal Cloud Foundry.
 *      Setup API Gateway and configured flows as per requirement.
 *      Integrated Kubernetes with network, storage, and security to provide comprehensive infrastructure
   and orchestrated container across multiple hosts.
 *      Experience in load balance Windows VM in Azure to create high available application with Azure
   PowerShell and manage Azure Virtual Network for Windows VM.
 *      Managed local deployment in Kubernetes by creating local clusters and deploying application
   containers. Responsible for Azure DevOps, VSTS administration.
 *      Configured Kubernetes Replication controllers to allow multiple pods such as Jenkins master
   server in multiple minions.
 *      Automated deployment of micro services to pull an image from private Docker Registry and deploy
   Docker Swarm cluster using Ansible.
 *      Included Vulnerability Detection as part of the CI/CD workflow using Jenkins Pipelines, SonarQube
   Quality Gates. Installed Jenkins/Plugins for GIT Repository, Setup SCM Polling for Immediate
   Build with Maven and Maven Repository (Nexus Arti factory).
 *      Built end to end CI/CD Pipelines in Jenkins to retrieve code, compile applications, perform tests
   and push build artifacts to Nexus and uDeploy to orchestrate changes across servers and
   components.
 *      Responsible for Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Delivery (CD) process
   implementation-using Jenkins along with Python and Shell scripts to automate routine jobs.
 *      Deployed application code using CI/CD pipeline with Azure DevOps in Azure cloud, scale VM build
   automation using Azure DevOps in Azure VM agent plug-ins.
 *      Installed, Config2aured and Administered Hudson/Jenkins Continuous Integration Tools.
 *      Implemented new projects builds framework using Jenkins & maven as build framework tools.
 *      Developed auto container to automate containerization of new and existing applications as well as
   deployment and management of complex run time environment like Kubernetes.
 *      Developed automation scripting in Python (core) using Puppet to deploy and manage Java
   applications across Linux servers.
 *      Implemented AWS solutions using EC2, S3, RDS, EBS, Elastic Load Balancer and Auto scaling groups,
   Optimized volumes and EC2 instances.
 *      Worked on Micro-Service Platform using Elastic Beanstalk, Configured the EC2, RDS, ELB and
   Auto-scaling group on Elastic Beanstalk.
 *      Configured the Cloud Trial on the AWS console and created the Cloud watch events to receive SNS
   Notifications when someone terminates the EC2 instance.
 *      Implemented various AWS solutions using EC2, RDS, EBS, ELB, Auto-Scaling groups, Optimized
   volumes.
 *      Experience in databases like MongoDB and MySQL.
 *      Created EC2 instances with various AMI's and Configured Application Servers on the instances.
 *      Configured Elastic Load Balancer ELB for distribution of incoming application traffic across
   multiple EC2 instances.
 *      Experience with Configuration Management tools like Terraform. Experience in migrating
   On-premises machine to Azure cloud.
 *      Automating the tasks using Ansible playbooks, Shell scripting and Python.
 *      Manage the configurations of multiple servers using Puppet.
 *      Working with several Docker components like Docker Engine, Machine, Creating Docker Images,
   Compose and Docker Registry and handling multiple images primarily for middleware installations
   and domain configurations.
 *      Performed Branching, Tagging, and Release Activities on Version Control Tools: SVN, GIT.
 *      Installed Docker in local machine to test our Serverless Applications Locally Using SAM Local.
 *      Setup Docker to automate container deployment through Jenkins and Dealt with Docker Hub, making
   Docker Images and taking care of various Images.
 *      Automated the cloud deployments using Puppet, python and AWS Cloud Formation Templates.
 *      Deployed the Java applications into web application servers like JBoss.
 *      Documented release metrics, software configuration process. Used Maven scripts to build the
   source code. Supported and helped to create Dynamic Views and Snapshot views for end users.
 *      Enabled Continuous Delivery through Deployment into several environments of Development, Test and
   Production using Maven.
 *      Worked on Apache and Firewalls in both development and production.
 *      Deployed and configured Atlassian Jira, both hosted and local instances for issue tracking,
   workflow collaboration, and tool-chain automation.

Environment: SVN(Subversion), Anthill Pro, Ansible, and Maven, Chef, DevOps, TFS, Jenkins, Clear
case, MS Build, Unix, Linux, Perl, Bash, Python, Ruby, Cruise control, AWS, Azure, MongoDB, Sonar,
Red Hat, Bamboo, Hudson, Git, JIRA, Lambda, Shell Script, WebLogic, Selenium.



MediNotes Corporation, West Des Moines, IA May 2018 to Feb 2020
Role: AWS DevOps Engineer

Responsibilities:

 *      Extensively worked on configuring and maintaining for continuous integration (CI) and for
   End-to-End automation for all build and deployments.
 *      Created Kibana Visualizations and Dashboards for Software Engineering Metrics. Administering and
   Monitoring TFS Servers.
 *      Worked hands-on to create automated, PCF, containerized cloud application platforms (PaaS), and
   design and implement DevOps processes that use those platforms.
 *      Tested and Deployed existing security patches via Microsoft Intune for workstations.
 *      Building/Maintaining Docker container clusters managed by Kubernetes Linux, Bash, GIT, Docker, on
   GCP. Utilized Kubernetes and docker for the runtime environment of the CI/CD system to build,
   test deploy.
 *      Software provisioning and configuration management using ansible play books.
 *      Worked on creating infrastructure as code using Terraform modules to launch instances in Azure &
   automated process of creation of resources is Azure using Terraform.
 *      Involved in migration of consumer data from one production server to another production server
   over the network with the help of Bash and Perl scripting. Did performance testing, worked in
   teams.
 *      Used Subversion as source code repositories. Responsible for deploying best SCM processes and
   procedures.
 *      Worked closely with software developers and DevOps to debug software and system problems.
 *      Created scripts in Python which integrated with Amazon API to control instance operations.
 *      Used Puppet to manage Web Applications, Config Files, Database, Commands, Users Mount Points, and
   Packages.
 *      Maintained and coordinated environment configuration, controls, code integrity, and code conflict
   resolution.
 *      Written Manifests/Recipes scripts to customize the Puppet/Chef as per the environment.
 *      Configured Nagios to monitor EC2Linux instances with Puppet automation.
 *      Installed, configured and maintained IBM WebSphere Application Server V8.0/8.5.5.0/7.0x using
   silent mode and using GUI mode.
 *      Configured Azure auto scalable (VMSS) and highly available (availability set) virtual machines
   with load balancer/application gateway for middleware applications deployment.
 *      Experienced in Ansible Tower configuration, setup, and playbook setup.
 *      Used Jenkins, Build forge for Continuous Integration and deployment into Tomcat Application
   Server.
 *      Coordinate/assist developers with establishing and applying appropriate branching,
   labelling/naming conventions using GIT source control. Analysed and resolved conflicts related to
   merging of source code for GIT.
 *      Implemented the setup for Master slave architecture to improve the Performance of Jenkins.
 *      Worked in Git implementation containing various Remote repositories for a single application.
 *      Involved in Research of the project application architecture to support/resolve build, compile,
   and test issues/problems.
 *      Experimented with Docker, by using Docker-compose.

Environment: AWS, Azure, Subversion (SVN), Jenkins, Java/J2EE, ANT, MAVEN, GIT, APM, Dynatrace,
Angular JS, Puppet, Gherkin, TC Server, Tomcat, Perl Scripts, Shell Scripts, XML, Data Center,
Maven, UNIX, CentOS, Windows, Oracle.



Dupont, Newark, DE Jan 2017 to Apr 2018
Role: Devops Engineer

Responsibilities:

 *      Set up Jenkins job to send out notifications as desired.
 *      Developed and implemented Software Release Management strategies for various applications
   according to the agile process.
 *      Configuring CI tools like Jenkins servers, Jenkins nodes
 *      Creating required scripts like Perl and Python and creating/configuring VMs (Windows/Linux/Ubuntu)
 *      Having knowledge on Hadoop technologies like Hive, Impala. Worked on Impala to get queries daily
   usage report.
 *      Installed and worked on Apache Zeppelin to create notebooks and run spark queries.
 *      Implemented a Continuous Delivery pipeline with Jenkins and GitHub.
 *      Worked with EC2 instances, RDS instance - MySQL, VPC, S3, IAM, and Route53.
 *      Migrating and maintaining build and test environments into the Cloud Infrastructure.
 *      Configured and maintained Hudson to implement the CI process and integrated the tool with Ant and
   Maven to schedule the builds.
 *      Worked to maintain the CI Hudson server. Production support of Apache and J Boss including
   installation, configuration, management and troubleshooting.
 *      Created API by using the API gateway management console.
 *      Having experience with creating API, controlling access, maintaining, deploying API, monitoring
   and Troubleshooting.
 *      Worked on installing and configuring CLI components and launching the EC2 instances on both
   environments like Linux and windows.
 *      Worked on implementing new versions of many DevOps tools on RHEL Environment for better
   performance, to remove vulnerabilities
 *      Responsible to automate the infra-structure work in many areas for Jenkins, Artifactory, Maven,
   Subversion, Trac, Eclipse tools and Test-link.
 *      Worked on integrating Azure Active Directory, enabling to run complete Azure based solutions
   using Azure Databricks SQL Analytics.
 *      Deployed an application on Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) cluster using Jenkins.
 *      Participated and coordinate in meetings with many teams to automate, implement which are not
   useful and having vulnerabilities. Used ansible for configuration management scenarios.
 *      Installed/Configured and Managed Nexus Repository Manager and all the Repositories. Jenkins is
   used as a continuous integration tool for automation of daily process. Imported and managed
   multiple corporate applications into Subversion (SVN).
 *      JIRA is used as bug tracking tool.
 *      Provided CM and Build support for more than 5 different applications, built and deployed to the
   production and lower environment. Experience in implementing and administration of distributed
   version control systems
 *      Defined and Implemented CM and Release Management Processes, Policies and Procedures.
 *      Maintained build related scripts developed in ANT, Python and shell. Modified build configuration
   files including Ant's build.xml. Researched and implemented code coverage and unit test plug-ins
   with Maven/Jenkins.
 *      Used Maven dependency management system to deploy snapshot and release artifacts to Nexus to
   share artifacts across projects.
 *      Configured and maintained Jenkins to implement the CI process and integrated the tool with Ant
   and Maven to schedule the builds.
 *      Experience building artifacts .jar, .war files through running test, compilation, building, and
   packaging
 *      Work with development/testing, deployment, systems/infrastructure, and project teams to ensure
   continuous operation of build and test systems. Know how to raise pull requests, tags, create
   branches and install plugins.

Environment: EC2, S3, Auto Scaling, AWS, Azure, AMI, ELB, EBS, IAM, RDS, DNS, Cloud watch, Route53,
VPC, Cloud Formation Elastic Beanstalk, BASH, APACHE TOMCAT, Ruby, Redshift, Chef, Alfresco.



Client: Comcast, Denver, CO April 2015 to Dec 2016
Role: Build Engineer

Responsibilities:

 *      Worked as a DevOps Engineer for one of the most complex systems. Used Subversion, CVS, Maven,
   Jenkins, CHEF & Jira as tools for day-to-day build & release cycles.
 *      Responsible for Deployment and maintenance of different QA & UAT environments.
 *      Created playbooks for OpenStack deployments and bug fixes with Ansible
 *      Fixed issues related to OpenStack components such as Nova, Glance, Neutron, Keystone,
   MySQL/Percona DB, RabbitMQ, Ceph, Repose, HAProxy and Horizon.
 *      Debug and resolve Pre-Post OpenStack deployment failures Release Engineer for a team that
   involved different development teams and multiple simultaneous software releases.
 *      Implemented configuration management tool Puppet Enterprise.
 *      Experience in designing and deploying AWS Solutions using EC2, S3, EBS, Elastic Load balancer
   (ELB), SES, SNS, auto scaling groups and OpsWorks.
 *      Created Buckets in AWS and stored files. Enabled Versioning and security for files stored.
 *      Implemented and maintained monitoring and alerting of production and corporate servers/costs
   using Cloud Watch.
 *      Used Docker for automating the deployment of applications inside software containers.
 *      Worked on creation of custom Docker container images, tagging and pushing the images.
 *      Worked on infrastructure with Docker containerization
 *      Worked at optimizing volumes and EC2 instances and created multiple VPC instances.
 *      Experience working with IAM in order to create new accounts, roles and groups.
 *      Experience involving configuring S3 versioning and lifecycle policies to and backup files and
   archive files in glacier.
 *      Administered and supported Github Enterprise version control tool.
 *      Contributed to a better Devops culture within the organization by automating redundant or routine
   tasks with configuration management tools such as Puppet or by writing scripts in Bash, PowerShell.
 *      Installed and Configured Secure Socket Layer SSL on Apache, IIS servers.
 *      Automated deployment of IIS web applications, bindings and configuration settings using a
   combination of PowerShell scripts and Puppet modules.

Environment: JIRA, JDK 1.6, SVN, ANT, Web Logic, RHEL, Puppet, sun Solaris, HTTP web servers,
Jenkins, Ansible, VMware vSphere5.



Posidex Technologies, India Dec 2013 to Nov 2014
Role: Linux System Administrator

Responsibilities:

 *      Implemented Kickstarting Linux Servers to automate the server builds for multiple profiles.
 *      Installed software and patches (yum, yast), Disk installation and maintenance - modify vfstab
   file for automatic mounting while booting, format disk and restoration of UNIX files and file
   systems
 *      Implemented file sharing on the network by configuring NFS on the system to share essential
   resources.
 *      Performed systems log management, Data backup and restoration with UNIX native tools (tar/dd).
   Monitored client disk quotas & disk space usage. Set up mount points on Solaris servers for
   Oracle database and installed MySQL server.
 *      Performed data management using native Solaris utilities for archiving and compression.
 *      Performed storage management with SAN/NAS and migrated the manual jobs to self-executing cron
   jobs on Physical/Virtual Servers.
 *      Configured and managed Apache Web Server on Linux for web-based applications using REST/SOAP, Apache
   and WebLogic.
 *      Installed and configured Solaris servers using Jumpstart, configured/maintained Zones, LDOMs, ZFS
   pools on Sun Solaris 10 Servers.
 *      Performed load balancing and failover I/O multipathing to render ability to set up multiple
   redundant paths for fiber attached storage area network (SAN). Used fsck on file systems
   successfully when critical data got corrupted.
 *      User account management, managing passwords setting up quotas and troubleshooting user logins
   using various remote login utilities. Extensively worked on hard disk mirroring and stripe with
   parity using RAID controllers
 *      Provided day-to-day user administration like adding/deleting users and managing users' queries.
   Shell programming for routine administration tasks. Analysing & monitoring system performance
   through various system
 *      Configured Samba Server on sun machine, established network connectivity with PC's through SMB &
   NMB Protocol.
 *      Backup & Recovery system performance monitoring kernel tuning, debugging OS failure.
 *      Manage Tivoli monitoring tool. Attended the day to day user problems.
 *      Adding users according to ticket requirement and mounting the file system, cron-jobs adding etc
   in Redhat Linux
 *      Configured DNS, NIS+ Send mail Server Red Hat Linux 5.2
 *      Implemented and Administered Network File Systems using automounter and administering user and OS
   data files in NIS, NFS environment. Configured Printers (Local, Remote & Network Printer) in Redhat
    Linux 5.2
 *      Responsible for all day to day system administration tasks (Disk space issue/FS/User logins)
 *      Configured network file sharing and enabled remote mounting file systems.
 *      Implemented TCP/IP network based on DHCP, DNS on Linux
 *      Set up of network involving Sun Workstation, Servers and Communication Product.
 *      Setup a Jumpstart server and client workstation installation. Implemented Server Virtualization
   using VMware for Redhat Linux.
 *      Worked on SVM to mirror the root disks, and used Veritas Volume Manager, Filesystem to maintain
   multiple disks and implemented 4-node cluster for GLPROD and GLRAC and implementing 3-node
   cluster for PRODERP.
 *      Assisting pre-sales in the provision of demonstrations and architectural design of client
   proposals.
 *      Configuration, compilation and installation of Open-Source applications.
 *      Administration of Apache Tomcat webservers and SSL.
 *      Did SQL troubleshoot and maintenance related tasks.
 *      Run-of-business activities included DNS, mail, Apache, and Tomcat configuration management, RSA
   SecurID (ACE/Server) management, OS upgrades.

Environment: Red-Hat Linux Enterprise servers (HP Proliant DL 585, BL 465/485, ML Series), Solaris
8,9,10, AIX 5.3, 6.1, SAN(Netapp), BladeLogic, Veritas Cluster Server 5.0, Windows 2003 server,
Shell programming, Jboss 4.2, JDK 1.5,1.6, , VMware Virtual Client 3.5, VMware Infrastructure 3.5.