
GABRIEL G. ROJAS
Arlington, VA 22204
(571) 329-4310 | gabrielrojas22019@gmail.com
www.linkedin.com/in/gabrielgrojas

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

      Experienced Acquisition Professional with 10 years+ in Project Management, Cost Estimating,
      Product Design/Development, and Process Improvements. Holds graduate certificate in Business
      Analytics and pursuing Master's from Indiana University. Experienced in managing complex large
      multi-location projects, conducting cost and risk analyses, and initiating change to enhance
      value-added solutions.

            *      Program Management      *      Contract Administration
            *      Program Analysis  *      Cost Estimating and Price Modeling
            *      Process Improvement  *      Risk Analysis

      PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
      Program Analysis
            * Led the panel reviews and reports of Army, Navy, and Air Force Portfolio of defense
      programs. Streamlined the assessment process to sort and prioritize tens of technologies. The
      reports directly assisted in the decision to develop and procure projects.
            * Led four-member Portfolio Evaluation Panels. The team provided recommendations
      following technical and financial analysis.
            * Co-led an Earned Value Management System (EVMS) CVN79 cost reduction effort. The
      effort identified a dozen cost cutting efforts. The customer implemented three recommended
      solutions.

      Cost Estimating and Price Modeling
            * Oversaw and implemented two $5 billion top-down Future Aircraft Carrier pricing models
      used during the development and execution of both CVN 78 and CVN 79 advance procurement
      contract and detail design and construction contract. The model was used by the Program Office
      to establish reliable cost estimates based on requirements/historical production estimates in
      justification of Presidential Budget requests.
            * Assisted in updating a bottom-up comprehensive price model for IT Capabilities and
      Amphibious Ship Detailed Design and Construction Contract used during contractor negotiations.
            * Developed the Cost Estimating Relationships (CERs) for pricing models. CERs were used
      on Presidential Budgets for ACAT I acquisitions of new constructions and IT programs.

      Process Improvements and Contract Administration
            * Aided in the implementation of contractor award incentives that tied performance to
      production schedules/milestones. The incentives reduced delays.
            * Helped drive changes to program strategies. The shift in strategy allowed vital work
      to commence and reducing programmatic delays.
            * Streamlined change process, which reduced authorization from days to hours. Effort
      eliminated potential delays and redundancy.

      Risk Analysis
            * During the cost scenario development for Future CVN Detail Design Construction
      Contracts provided program accurate and timely best case, worse case, and most-likely cost
      estimates. Implemented risk mitigation strategies into all phases of production, resulting in
      a complete contract budget profile.
      PROFESSIONAL WORK EXPERIENCE
      Administrative Clerk | U.S. Census Bureau | Arlington, VA            Feb 2020-Present
            Managed the hiring program for over 1,000 employees. Oversaw and facilitated the hiring
      of enumerators for survey efforts, which included budgeting, planning, and surveying during
      and after the Census of thousands of addresses. Completing time-sensitive administrative work,
      requiring schedules to meet deadlines.

      Business Analytics Master of Science Program | Indiana University       Sep 2018-Present
            Pursuing Master of Science degree, expected graduation 2022.

      Senior Cost Analyst | IFAS, LLC | Laurel, MD                        Jul 2017-Jul 2018
            Led the development of a $1 billion dollar pricing models for IT technology capability.
      This effort included the technology push effort for Microsoft, SPLUNK, Remedy technologies
      across the customer's IT enterprise.

      Senior Business Analyst | Tech Marine Business, Inc. | Washington D.C. Nov 2016-Jul 2017
            Supervised execution of $600M integrated warfare system 6.0 awarded testing contracts.
      Oversaw all testing budget requests for in-service Destroyer class ships. Provided contractor
      oversight and management for testing cost model.

      Senior Cost Analyst | IFAS, LLC | Laurel, MD             Jun 2016-Nov 2016
            Captured budget needs for new technologies and methods in the program pricing models.

      Business Data Analyst | Alexandria City Public Schools | Alexandria, VA Sep 2015-Jun 2016
            Responsible for developing reports for operating budgets to assist 20 schools and
      programs. Updated budget definitions, demographics, and student metrics. Prepared year-end
      financial projections and closeout. Updated Enterprise Resource Planning tool queries.

      Associate / Cost Analyst | Booz Allen Hamilton, Inc. | Washington, D.C. Jan 2013-Aug 2015
            Responsible for updating and developing cost models for Integrated Warfare Systems Life
      Cycle Cost Estimates (LCCEs), Analysis of Alternatives (AoAs), Economic Analysis (EA), Rough
      Order Magnitude (ROM). Established processes to deliver models (performance, system changes,
      schedules, and revised cost descriptions/estimates). Trained new employees on the project,
      technical guides, lessons learned. Consolidated monthly reports to meet leadership goals.

      Advanced Analyst / Cost Analyst | Tecolote Research, Inc. | D.C.  Jul 2009 - Jan 2013
            Responsible for customer budget and project cost models, LCCE/AoA/ROMs documents for
      Aircraft Carrier, Amphibious ships, and Destroyers ship classes. Negotiated requirements for
      costs (non-recurring, development, changes, equipment, installation, delivery, operation, and
      disposal). Developed EVM pricing models, and schedule analysis for critical tasks, including
      establishing health checks that reduced analysis time/effort.

      Financial Analyst | VA State Corporation Commission | Richmond, VA      Jan 2006-Jul 2009
            Reviewed safety and sounds of banks and trust companies and rated compliance, financial
      performance, internal and external audits, and staff knowledge.

      EDUCATION
      Indiana University | Master of Science | Business Analytics      (Expected graduation) 2022
      Indiana University | Graduate Certificate | Business Analytics                        2015
      University of Virginia | Undergraduate Certificate | Accounting                        2012
      Virginia Commonwealth University | Bachelor of Science | Business Administration      2005