
                              Maddie Schmidt
                  CONTENT CREATOR/MULTIMEDIA REPORTER/PRODUCER

                                        Dear WBIR,
                                        I am writing with great enthusiasm to express my interest in the weekend
                                        sports anchor/MSJ position with WBIR. I am a sports journalism graduate from
Contact                                 the University of Florida, and I have focused on reporting throughout my time
                                        there and post-graduation. I strive to produce the best work and be the best
                                        that I can be. Knoxville intrigues me. The thought of not only covering the
        404.944.2952                    local high school teams there but searching for and telling the stories behind
                                        the athletes and coaches excites me. I believe my passion for storytelling and
                                        enthusiasm for sports media would be an asset to WBIR.
      maddieschmidt15@gmail.com
                                        My desire to be a part of the sports broadcasting industry began long before
        @maddieschmidt15                my time as a student reporter at the University of Florida. In middle school, I
                                        made mock sports reporting videos and sent them off to numerous famous
        mygamedaygal.com                broadcasters at the time hoping that they would look. I wanted them to know
                                        I was coming! I was fortunate enough to receive a phone call from College
                                        GameDay host Lee Corso. Ever since that phone call, I have believed and will
        Maddie Schmidt                  continue to believe that anything is possible. My "you don't know unless you
                                        try" attitude is something that has carried me in my career and is something
                                        that I believe would help me contribute greatly to WBIR.

                                        As my passion for sports journalism grew, I started mygamedaygal.com. My
                                        sports blog has provided me with a platform to grow as a writer and reporter.
                                        It has also allowed me to develop a digital presence. I began this blog in high
                                        school and have kept up with it ever since. I have developed on-air reporting
                                        skills and confidence by working extensively with WUFT News in Gainesville.
                                        My on-air voice and eye for news has grown through doing radio work for
                                        ESPN Gainesville/WRUF. In addition, I have learned how to engage an
                                        audience and tailor content through my roles as an in-game Gator baseball
                                        host, YouTube show co-host and podcast, "Maddie's Minute" for GatorBait
                                        Media.

                                        I have taken every opportunity to further my skills. The pandemic has not
                                        stopped me, and nothing will! I conducted 42 quarantine Zoom interviews
                                        with athletes, coaches and reporters over the course of 2020. I wanted to take
                                        advantage of the time I had and get better at the art of interviewing. It was a
                                        year of growth for me.

                                        I believe my background and experience would be an asset to WBIR. Although
                                        I am young, I am dedicated and determined. Not only would I grow with
                                        WBIR, but I would help the team's sports coverage grow.

                                        Please keep me in mind for this position and any other opportunities within
                                        the organization.

                                        Respectfully,
                                        Maddie Schmidt

