

4322 Rainier St.
#1118
Irving, TX 75062
Dear Sir or Madam:
As you can see from my enclosed resume, my experience in sales, new business development,
advertising, retail, and management as well as my diverse customer service and training skills, make
me a strong candidate for a position within your organization.
I would appreciate the opportunity to discuss my credentials with you at a mutually convenient time.
Thank you for your consideration. I eagerly look forward to your reply. Please feel free to contact
me at (469) 647- 5102 (home) or (972) 891 - 0481 (cell).
Respectfully yours,
Delancy Banks
Enclosure: Resume

4322 Rainier St.
Apt. #1118
Irving, TX 75062
(469) 647 - 5102 Home
(972) 891 - 0481 Cell
MediaMaven2@aol.com


Delancy Banks
SUMMARY
A sales/service professional with experience in new business development, sales, customer service,
management, retail, advertising and the financial services industry.
OBJECTIVE
To secure employment with a company where my knowledge and experience will be embraced as an asset
and contribute to the company's continued growth and success as well as my own. I'm seeking an
opportunity that offers challenge, financial rewards, stability, growth and an opportunity to use
the skills I've acquired in sales, advertising, management, customer service, retail or a
combination of these skills.
WORK HISTORY
September, 2011 - Present:
Direct Mail Specialists (Outside Sales) - Super Media (Irving, TX)
As a Media Consultant (inside sales) with a proven record in business to business sales success, I
was promoted to a Direct Mail Specialists (outside sales). My primary duties include establishing
and executing direct mail lead generation campaigns designed to sell print, shared mail and solo
direct mail marketing services to current and prospective advertisers in an assigned territory. I'm
charged with growing business by identifying and developing new market opportunities; initiating
action plans to approach and secure new business.
I also, prospect for new customers and cold call door to door and via telephone. In addition, I
assess the needs of prospects and present solutions-oriented direct marketing campaigns to help
accomplish their marketing goals and objectives. Uncovering business needs and positioning
solutions, estimating and measuring the ROI to ensure a satisfactory return on the client's direct
mail advertising investment are also part of my responsibilities.
I'm also responsible for new business development as well as maintaining the existing account base.
Assessing clients/prospects marketing needs, developing and presenting strategic written and oral
direct mail marketing plans to clients/prospects that allow them to accomplish their desired
marketing objectives are part of my duties. Utilizing a consultative sales approach and proven
ability to create the right strategic plan for clients/prospects, I strategically introduce new
marketing concepts/techniques designed to accomplish their marketing objectives. My duties also,
include advising clients on effectively utilizing their databases; capturing data, utilizing data,
database modeling/profiling and response analysis to enhance direct mail response and conversion
rates.
Building relationships based on delivering value by uncovering business needs and positioning
solutions allows me to utilize consultative selling approaches and process driven selling techniques
that are designed to sell solutions, not products. I also familiarize, gain a thorough understanding
and actively use marketing/collateral materials to inform and provide clients/prospects with
pertinent data to develop measurable and relevant media campaigns to reach their most desirable
consumers. In addition, I manage and evaluate the client needs to ensure continued client
satisfaction and marketing results.
As a Direct Mail Specialists, I'm also responsible for meeting all deadlines to ensure efficient
production and timely distribution of SuperMedia's direct mail products and services. In addition, I
continually keep abreast of competitive media and take the necessary steps to minimize their
influence with our clients. Demonstrating and selling the value of the Yellow Pages (print and
on-line), Direct Mail, Social Media, Search Engine Marketing, Websites, Mobile Websites and the
Internet to new and existing small to medium sized businesses via consultation are also part of my
primary responsibilities.
* Consistently developing new strategies and executing on those ideas to enhance lead
generation/prospecting efforts * Demonstrated initiative and self-management skills * Diligent
go-getter attitude with the flexibility to mix up daily telephone and doorto-door prospecting
* Effective communication and client presentation skills
* Demonstrated persuasive communications capabilities
* Prospecting skills - high level cold calling to qualify and close new accounts/non-advertisers *
Sales hunter, a person who will pound the pavement, hit the phones, do what it takes to find and get
the sale * Comfortable developing and implementing new and innovative campaigns
* Recent experience at consistently meeting and exceeding revenue quotas
* High energy, results driven attitude
* Reliable Transportation

February, 2010 - August, 2011
Media Consultant (Inside Sales) - Super Media (Irving, TX)
Demonstrating the value of the Yellow Pages (print and on-line), Direct Mail, Social Media, Search
Engine Marketing, Mobile Websites and the Internet to new and existing small to medium sized
businesses via phone consultation are my primary responsibilities. My key responsibilities include
calling on new and existing clients to discover their advertising and marketing needs and
objectives, realize advertising/marketing opportunities, design advertising programs for these
customers, enhance retention of existing customer and target profitable customers for the clients.
As an Inside Advertising Sales Representative I consultant with businesses primarily over the phone
to formulate strategies to help new and existing clients grow their businesses and increase sales
and profits by utilizing the complete array of advertising services offered by Super Media.
Utilizing needs assessment techniques in unison with my marketing , sales and advertising experience
I consult with new and existing clients to develop advertising and marketing strategies, sell new
advertising programs, protect and increase existing advertising programs and minimize downgrades and
cancellations.
Making daily sales calls to my assigned list of revenue accounts and aggressively utilizing
strategies designed to activate renewals of existing advertising, organizing/prioritizing work to
meet company goals/deadlines are part of my duties as a Media Consultant. I'm also responsible for
making sound advertising recommendations and presenting the benefits associated my recommendations
using visual aids (Gallup studies, Heading Projection Reports, & The Platinum Presentation) and
other sales aids that are tailored to illustrate the return on the advertiser's investment in their
advertising program.
* Prospecting skills - high level cold-call prospecting to qualify and close new accounts
* Rated the #2 Media Consultant in overall sales performance within 4 months (call center of
approximately 300 Media Consultants)
* Consistently ranked in the top 10 Media Consultants in overall sales performance
* Consistently meeting and exceeding revenue quotas
* Recognized for achieving sales that qualified me for Super Media's prestigious $1000.00 a Day Club
within 4 months
* Consistently maintained an above average percent to budget ratio
October, 2006 - December, 2009
Convenience Store Manager - Martin & Bayley, Inc. (St. Louis, MO)
Contributing to the success of Martin & Bayley, Inc., by executing the daily operations/business
functions of the convenience store/fuel operations in accords with established company policies,
standards and procedures. I'm responsible for managing all phases of the store's operations. I also
manage and control the operations of the store to ensure that company standards are consistently
met. Executing the business plan and associated programs to deliver the desired sales and profit
results, while maintaining good quality customer service.
Recruit, training and develop Sales Associates to achieve maximum results. Manage the operations of
the C-store to ensure inventory is ordered accurately and received in good condition. Merchandise
and manage the store's inventory to ensure a clean, neat, and easy shopping environment. Ensuring
that the store is properly stocked and maintaining tight control of all inventory items.
July, 2003 - September, 2006
Assistant Manager - Drury Petroleum, Inc., / The Advance Group/Shell (St. Louis, MO)
In tandem with the Store Manager I was responsible for spearheading the growth, profitability and
development of the convenience store, fuel operations and staff at Hilltop Shell under the auspices
of Drury Petroleum, Inc., /The Advance Group. My essential duties included training, staffing and
performance evaluations, administrative paperwork, maintaining/monitoring the appearance and
cleanliness of the facility's interior/exterior and supervising the daily upkeep of the store.
Performing daily competitor surveys to establish gas prices, checking fuel inventories and fuel
pumps daily to ensure they meet required operational standards. I contributed to the success of
Drury Petroleum, Inc., /The Advance Group by assisting the Store Manager in the execution of the
daily operations/business functions of the convenience store/ fuel operations in accords with
established company policies, standards and procedures authorized by Drury Petroleum, Inc., /The
Advance Group and Shell Corporation.
April, 2003 - January, 2004
Sales Associate - Par Oil Company, Inc./Shell (St. Louis, MO - Evenings)
Regarded as one of the fastest, most accurate and most experienced cashiers in the store, I quickly
and accurately
process orders at checkout while developing rapport with customers so they enjoyed a fast, pleasant
and hassle-free
shopping experience. Demonstrating exceptional service to customers in a team oriented environment
by utilizing
suggestive sales techniques are part of my responsibilities. My duties also include selling food,
beverages, cards,
apparel, novelties, gasoline, oil products, and lottery while adhering to state laws regarding the
sale of tobacco and lottery products.
August, 2000 - February, 2003
New Business Development - Gateway Advertising (Pompano Beach, FL)
Responsible for acquiring a keen understanding of the clients marketing goals and objectives,
developing and presenting written and oral marketing plans to clients/prospects, which allowed them
to
accomplish their marketing goals and objectives. Writing copy, developing creative concepts, laying
out
specs for the cooperative advertising tabloid and overseeing/coordinating production of the tabloid
from
start to finish.
My duties included selling printing, graphic design, package insert services and space advertising.
Responsible for
developing new business, retaining the existing account base and execution of clients' advertising
campaigns in our
print advertising tabloid and website. In addition, my duties as the Owner - New Business
Development included
setting up the company, conducting market research, implementing marketing strategies and achieving
sales
objectives essential to successfully launching a cooperative advertising tabloid publication in a
highly competitive
market.
Additional responsibilities included assigning the growth of the company through systematically
analyzing opportunities conducive to
expansion. I initiated and led the development of web-based activities, worked closely with web-host
to accomplish the marketing/
development of web-based products. Developed insert programs, ride-along product/literature offers,
distribution channels to reduce
printing and production expenditures.
I also acted as liaison between our clients and projects contracted with outside vendors such as
printers, graphic
designers, bindery shops, typesetters, graphic artists, business forms manufacturers and advertising
agencies to
maintain the scheduled completion dates and ensure quality work on projects being subcontracted by
our firm and
on projects contracted by my client to these vendors.
* Consistently grew advertising sales revenue and the territory.
* Presented additional marketing opportunities to established accounts and developed new accounts.
* Identified and qualified prospects and suspects to call on and established long-term business
relationships.
* Cold-call prospecting via phone/person to continually build a strong sales pipeline of revenue
producing opportunities.
* Responsible for denying/approving credit by analyzing detailed credit applications.
* Generated profitable revenue and met or exceeded projected sales.
* Established and serviced a diverse account base of advertisers.
May, 1997 to June, 2000
New Business Development Director - Sunrise Marketing Services (Sanford, FL)
Employed as the Director New Business Development at Sunrise Marketing Services. In this position, I
reported and worked closely with the President/CEO in assigning the growth of the company through
systematically analyzing opportunities conducive to the company's growth and expansion. My primary
responsibilities included working with the President/CEO to evaluate new product concepts, develop
marketing plans for new products/services, researching, testing and executing new product/service
concepts. Under the direction of the President/CEO I spearhead the marketing efforts and creation of
new divisions/profit centers to produce additional revenue streams designed to offset current
printing, paper, production and postage costs through maximizing usage of existing resources and
personnel.
In tandem with the President/CEO, I'm also responsible for identifying and implementing the most
important marketing opportunities available to Sunrise Marketing Services and ensuring that the
creation of the new divisions/profit centers are structured so that profit maximization occurs.
Additional responsibilities include utilizing house files and databases, existing equipment,
resources, personnel and departments to achieve profit maximization.
In addition, I initiated and lead the development of web-based marketing activities, worked closely
with departments and web-pages hosts to accomplish the marketing/development of web-based products.
Analyzing and developing fulfillment programs, non-competitive insert programs or ride-along
product/literature offers, new programs which enhanced the existing direct mail/direct response
programs using psycho-graphic profiling products or advertising mediums and new distribution
techniques/channels which reduce or eliminate printing, production and postage expenditures are also
part of my responsibilities.
December, 1993 - March, 1997
Account Executive - Words & Data (St. Louis, MO)
Employed as an Account Executive - New Business Development at Words & Data (headquarters in Lenexa,
KS with a branch office in St. Louis, MO). I was responsible for new business development as well as
maintaining the existing account base. Assessing clients/prospects marketing needs, developing and
presenting written and oral strategic direct mail marketing plans to clients/prospects that allowed
them to accomplish their desired marketing objectives.
Utilizing consultative selling, I introduced new marketing concepts/techniques designed to
accomplish their marketing objectives. My duties also, include advising clients on effectively
utilizing their databases; capturing data, utilizing data, database modeling/profiling and response
analysis to enhance direct mail response and conversion rates.
I also serve as the liaison between clients, advertising agencies and external vendors to ensure the
maintenance of the client's image, quality guidelines, production standards and mailing schedules.
Responsible for acquiring a keen understanding of the clients marketing goals and objectives,
developing and presenting written and oral marketing plans, writing copy, list acquisition,
developing creative concepts and production coordination.
I also worked with our account team and creative staff to develop and enhance direct mail marketing
campaigns for clients through providing direct mail consultation which includes list selection, list
segmentation, database building, database profiling and analysis strategies, data capturing
strategies, database marketing, copywriting, creative concepts, production specifications and
production coordination.
My duties as an Account Executive - New Business Development also included setting up the St. Louis
branch office, conducting market research, implementing marketing strategies and achieving
objectives essential to opening an office in a highly competitive direct mail market. In addition, I
established and serviced a very diverse account base including financial, automotive, publishing,
entertainment, hospitality, healthcare, retail, consumer goods and insurance marketers.
November 1991 to December 1993
Registered Representative - AXA/Equitable Life (St. Louis, MO)
My responsibilities also included meeting with large businesses, small business owners,
professionals and affluent consumers to review their financial goals/objectives. Conducting
financial needs analysis, reviewing financial portfolios, making sound financial recommendations and
initiating benefit plans with the appropriate coverage to accomplish the objectives of the client
through utilizing a consultative sales approach were also part of the services I offered as a
Registered Representative.
Specialized in marketing life, accident, health, annuity and variable products to professionals,
affluent consumers, small business owners and large businesses. Developed several "niche" marketing
campaigns, direct mail campaigns, telemarketing campaigns and print advertising campaigns to
streamline my sales efforts and enhance my production.
Contributed to the growth of the agency by consistently developing new business premiums (life,
accident, health, long-term care, disability, retirement plans, wealth-building plans, and annuity
and variable products). Each month I consistently produced exceptional sales results through the
implementation of aggressive "cold call" prospecting programs and relationshipmarketing cultivation
systems that also aided in maintaining high retention levels and writing sound business.
* Through utilization of the marketing campaigns I increased my division sales 75% - 150% over quota
each month.
* Achieved revenue goals by meeting/exceeding assigned premium sales goals and generated profitable
revenue.
* Received the Division Manager's new sales rep award in first 6 months.
* Consistently grew sales revenue and established and serviced a diverse base of clients.
* Presented additional insurance/investment products to established accounts and developed new
accounts.
* Identified and qualified prospects and suspects to call on and established long-term business
relationships.
* Cold-call prospecting via phone/person to continually build a strong sales pipeline of revenue
producing opportunities.
August, 1978 - November, 1991
Account Executive - CLI (St. Louis, MO)
My duties included selling printing, graphic design, data processing services, bindery services,
mailing lists, addressing services, mail processing services, and coordinating direct mail
campaigns. I serviced major and minor accounts, organized client instructions to be processed into
job orders, entered job orders into the computer, typed correspondence, received and processed
telephone orders, handled outside sales and in-house sales, met with clients to solve client
grievances and procured pertinent information essential to executing the clients' campaigns.
I also coordinated projects with outside vendors such as printers, bindery shops, typesetters,
public relations firms, business forms manufacturers and advertising agencies to maintain the
scheduled completion dates and ensure quality work on projects being subcontracted by our firm and
on projects contracted by our clients to these vendors.
Responsible for performing profiling and market segmentation of the Standard Metropolitan
Statistical Areas and initiating programs to ensure list accuracy. Conducting research, providing
detailed demographic and psycho-graphic studies were also part of my responsibilities. I also acted
as liaison between our clients, list managers and list brokers, maintained in-house lists,
interfaced with the data processing department to accomplish list maintenance, merge/purge,
feathering, geo-demographic coding and list compilation.
I have a profound knowledge of the list brokerage industry, list management procedures, database
marketing, database management, list compilation and list rental procedures. I brokered list,
secured list rental discounts and agreements, performed list selections, list analysis and market
penetration analysis.
* Within 6 months I established myself as the leader in new accounts sold by prospecting advertisers
in various directories and media.
* Through prospecting I increased the billings of the Mass Marketing Department and added additional
clients to the existing account base.
* Developed effective sales literature to aid in cold call prospecting, customer retention and
reactivating dormant accounts.
* Serviced major and minor accounts and oversaw the production of all types of Direct Mail
advertising promotions and analyzed results.
* Conducting research, providing detailed demographic and psycho-graphic studies were also part of
my responsibilities
* Responsible for performing profiling and market segmentation of the SMSA's and initiating programs
to ensure list effectiveness.
* I brokered list, secured list rental discounts and agreements, performed list selections, list
analysis and market penetration analysis.
* Implemented direct mail campaigns (writing direct mail copy, designing mail packages, account
management and list selection).
* Maintained current census data, Carrier Route Information Systems (CRIS) data and implemented the
usage of these products.
* Geo-demographic coded lists, maps, tapes and computer printouts.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Arts degree work
Major: Communications
PROFESSIONAL TRAINING
Various Sales/Continuing Education Courses
LICENSE
Agent - Life, Accident, Health & Variable Products
Broker - Life, Accident & Health
SKILLS
Typing, Computing Skills, Customer Service, Sales & Management, New Business Development
HOBBIES/INTERESTS
Fishing, swimming, baseball, reading and riding horses
REFERENCES
References available upon request
WILLING TO RELOCATE
Yes




Loading Resume...


Loading Resumes You Like...


    View Resumes



