
Lori Coyle
25 Columbus Ave.
East Haven, CT 06512
Buleeye1234@yahoo.com
203-627-7223 cell phone
Objective:
Challenging and rewarding position that utilizes my extensive expertise.
Work Experience:
NewAlliance Bank - New Haven, CT
Data Word Processor Payoffs /Escrow
March 2008-Present

Prepare Lien releases and duplicate Lien releases for paid in full
installment loans
Calculates and prepares payoff figures in a timely manner to meet closing
deadlines
Prepare payoff transactions via mail and overnight
Follow up on Notices of Payoff  received daily and maintain tracking
system
Pull daily paid loan report and prepare documents for imaging for
discharge process
Track all new loans for recorded mortgages or notice of lien
Renew and terminate UCC records as needed
Ensure and maintain proper/clear procedures are in place for above
functions
Assist with processing e-mail requests
Maintain document files
Record and Microfilm all Original Loan Notes
Monitor and maintain the vault sign out listing of all collateral files
removed from the records vaults

Health Net - Shelton, CT

Utilization Mgmt Coord II   August 1998 - September 2007


Professionally and efficiently manages actives.


Obtains appropriate information for authorization request entry.


Requests clinical records per procedure.


Accurately applies appropriate policies, procedures, eligibility, and
benefit policies.


Refers requests and notifications to appropriately licensed health
professional for review.


Accurately documents all activates as per policy including entry into
automated systems.


Assures the timely and accurate entry of discharge information.


Performs non-clinical medical claim review.


Forwards clinical or medical necessity reviews to licensed health
professional as appropriate.


Performs required clerical support duties.


Meets or exceeds established performance goals including but not limited
to service, quality, productivity, turn-around time.


Effectively applies policies, procedures, and standards, requesting
assistance of supervisor, or appropriate licensed health professional
when necessary.


Professionally interacts with customers, acting as a liaison between the
beneficiary, provider, facility and Health
Net.


Skills:
   * Efficient in internet.
   * Proficient in MS Excel, MS Word, MS Access, Power Point.
   * Teamwork
   * Multi-tasking
   * Organize
   * LOTUS 1-2-3
   * Ability to type 50 to 60 words per minute with 96%  accuracy
   * Ability to handle tasks efficiently in a fast paced working
   environment
   Education:
   Us Career Institute, CO - 2006
   Other - Wedding Planner

Gateway College, New Haven, CT - 1999
Associates Degree - Business

Mercy High School, Middletown, CT - 1995