

Tramane R Scott
804 Veterans Pkwy Apt 35 | Hinesville, Ga 31313 | (912) 430-0169 (305) 780-0454 |
Trscott40138@gmail.com

Education
 *      Key West High School, KeyWest, Fla
 *      Diploma | 06/23/2005
 *      3.78 GPA

Experience
01/2017 - 12/05/2022
Supervisor: Mrs. Robinson (912) 432-9978
Professional Fisherman | Gotta Catch Them All | Tampa, Fla
Uses fishing equipment such as nets, fishing rods and traps to catch fish and other marine living
animals that Performed vessel maintenance to keep the vessel seaworthy. Operate Hydraulic winches
during fishing operations Regular vessel maintenance and deck preservation. Supervised all aspects
of vessel maintenance and training Navigated fishing vessels in all weather conditions to the Bering
Sea.

08/2009 - 01/2016
Supervisor: Mr. Crouch (907) 460-9356
Laborer| Delta Industrial Corporation | Delta Junction, Alaska
Performs warehousing work in receiving, issuing and relocating of supplies and equipment. Loads and
unloads conveyances; moves items by handcart or similar conveyance; checks items against proper
documentation, making proper notations on same and reporting discrepancies and damage to supervisor.
Place unidentified stock in appropriate temporary or permanent storage locations according to
specified/oral or written instructions and established methods. Occasionally signs for items
received. Warehouses palletized bulk stock according to specific locations, restocking and
warehousing items using a forklift as directed. Periodically check for mixed stock or incorrect
locations; corrects or notifies supervisor of problem and/or discrepancies. Inventories supplies and
equipment as directed. Furnishes information on balance on hand of bulk stock for recording
purposes. As directed, performs minor maintenance and cleans equipment received in stock. Maintains
storage areas as required. Operates stake truck to transport materials and supplies. Loads and
unloads supplies and equipment, ensuring cargo is properly loaded and secured. Delivers items to
proper destination, obtaining properly documented proof of delivery. As required, performs
preventive maintenance on vehicle and completes required records and paperwork. Performs other
duties as assigned.

02/2008 - 07/2009
Supervisor: Mrs. Leann Smith (907) 895-5053
Stocker, Store Clerk | Delta Petro Wash | Delta Junction, Alaska
Operates a cash register. Accept cash, personal checks, credit cards, etc. Prepares, verifies and
issues change funds as required. Collects cash receipts, cash register tapes, checks, credit card
receipts and other supporting documentation. Compares register tapes with Daily Activity Report
(DAR) and researches any discrepancies; prepares and maintains cash overage and shortage records for
each sales cashier daily. Maintains current dishonored check listing, verifies name, mailing address
and telephone numbers. Assist in collection of dishonored check payments. Selects for shipment or
issue, designated stock by proceeding to area, finding stock and verifying information shown on
shipping or issuing document against that on stock tags or bin tags; determines from which stock or
bin items are to be removed; removes stock, assuring that proper quantity and nomenclature of
selected stock agree with information contained on document. Moves items selected to designated
location. Receives stock in packs or bulk; checks for completeness, identification, amount and
condition, and reporting any discrepancies and damage to supervisor; places clearly

12/20/2005 - 01/2008
Supervisor: Mr. Charles (912) 610-2091
Construction/ Warehouse worker | CEMAD | Hinesville, GA
Performed a series of warehouses functions for a very busy construction company. Warehouse binned or
bulk stocked according to specific locations; restacked and re-warehoused items and straightened
stacks when directed; sorted out bad containers and restacked or took to bin area. Periodically
checked bags or bins for mixed stock or incorrect locations; participated in taking inventory by
counting items and recording count on inventory documents; corrected or notified supervisor of
problems. Operated a forklift which was capable of lifting loads weighing less than 10,000 pounds
and as high as 168 inches, moved, loaded or unloaded, transferred, transported and stacked or
unstacked palletized goods, boxes, crates, materials and supplies from one location to another.
Performed driver/operator maintenance. Operated gasoline vehicle capable of carrying loads up to 1
ton with or without front axle drive, to transport articles and materials to various location where
work is performed. Loaded and unloaded cargo and materials, when necessary, insured vehicle was not
loaded beyond the rated capacity; completed trip tickets and preventive maintenance service records;
filled out driver's accident report, if accident occurred. Performed driver's maintenance in
accordance with established regulations. Performs other duties when assigned.


Awards & Acknowledgements
 *      Phase 1 & 2 Construction Training Certification - Hinesville GA 04/01/2006
 *      Forklift operations Certification 10/2010

1



