
Patrick Casimir
6800 Kimberly Boulevard  *  North Lauderdale, FL 33068
Phone: (954) 984 - 9056 * Cell: (954) 614 - 1178
Email: patrcasi@nsu.nova.edu

EDUCATION

Philosophy Doctorate: Biomedical Informatics (Expected Graduation, Fall
2014)
Rutgers University, Newark, New Jersey (Final Dissertation Defense
Phase)
Master of Science: Biomedical Informatics, GPA: 3.95/4.0, December 2009
Nova Southeastern University, Ft. Lauderdale, Florida
   * Dean's Award Highest Scholastic Achievement, March 2010
   Bachelor of Science: Computer Science, GPA: 3.8/4.0, December 2001
   Nova Southeastern University, Ft. Lauderdale, Florida


HIGHLIGHTS

   * Ability to use informatics to improve the performance of physicians
     and nurses within the health care system
   * Ability to use information science to enhance clinical performance
     and
 improve patient safety (e.g., reduce medical errors)
 * Knowledge of HIE standards (HL7, CDT, ICD, CPT, DICOM, X12N, LOINC)
 * Knowledge in information security and policy formation
 * Understanding and knowledge of privacy, security, and confidentiality
  of patient health information in compliance with HIPAA rules and
  regulations
 * Understanding of JCAHO, MQSA, and ACR guidelines, standards and
  accreditation requirements
 * Understanding of clinical operations and processes
 * Ability to communicate effectively with clinical and information
  technology personnel verbally and in writing
 * Good interpersonal communication and relation skills
 * Proficiency in various programming and clinical application reporting
  tools
 * Character, Honesty, Integrity, Flexibility, Adaptability, and Ethics

CLINICAL INFORMATICS SKILLS

 * Electronic Health Record: Ability to design, analyze, implement,
   maintain, and manage electronic medical record (EMR) systems in
   helping health care organizations improving quality of care, service
   and clinical outcomes, patient safety and satisfaction, staff
   efficiency and productivity, and financial revenues.
 * Biomedical Informatics: Training in the development, dissemination,
   and evaluation of information technology as it relates to the
   healthcare environment such as hospitals and health systems, health
   information technology system vendors, eHealth companies, insurers,
   pharmaceutical companies.
 * Academic Skills: Acquisition of academic skills in biomedical systems
   technology, health-information systems, medical decision support
   systems, image and signal analysis, statistical techniques and
   modeling, education and training, telemedicine, health care
   management, and human machine interface.

WORK EXPERIENCE

HEALTH DATA SPECIALISTS, LLC
   Siemens' Soarian Clinicals Senior Consultant
   2/11 - Now

   Peconic Bay Medical Center, NY
   Garden City Medical Center, MI
   Arkansas Heart Hospital, AR
   Community Health Systems, PA
   Mountain States Health Alliance, TN
   Hamilton Medical Center, Dalton, GA

   * Provide subject matter expertise for Soarian Clinicals
     Configuration, Operations, Orders and Results Management, Crystal
     Reporting, Security, Integration and Interfaces, Documentation, Plan
     of Care, Adaptability Tool, Siemens Pharmacy and MAK
     Implementation.
   * Provide subject matter expertise in using Soarian Admin Desktop and
     Clinical Desktop to build order sets, results, form assessments,
     create other services, and manage clinical users preferences and
     activities.
   * Provide subject matter expertise in workflow analysis and redesign
     to improve performance optimization in preparation of CPOE
     implementation.
   * Participate in new module/application implementation, systems
     upgrades, testing, and training for Soarian Clinicals and work with
     the Director of Clinical Informatics to actively promote and support
     division standardization, utilization, health information exchange,
     integration and optimization plans for all clinical applications.


NOVA SOUTHEASTERN UNIVERSITY, Fort Lauderdale, FL               8/10 -
Now
Adjunct Professor Master of Science Biomedical Informatics

   * Provide guidance and preceptorship to MSBI graduate students in
     accomplishing a practicum experience that fulfills requirements for
     their degree in Biomedical Informatics.
   * Assist MSBI graduate students in identifying sources of appropriate
     potential practicum experiences within the Biomedical Informatics
     spectrum.
   * Provide MSBI graduate students with advanced career counseling in
     the field of Biomedical Informatics so that they may better evaluate
     and comprehend any specific career choices that they are
     considering.
   * Help graduate students in developing, demonstrating, and applying
     the skills necessary to be successful in their future career
     endeavors.
   * Help graduate students in making application of knowledge obtained
     throughout the MSBI program and acquiring a clear understanding of
     requirements for job opportunities in their future field of work.
   * Develop and teach MI 6414 Basic Skills for Clinical Analysts (Since
     Fall 2012)
   * Develop and teach MI 6420 Medical Image Processing Analysis (Winter
     2014)

KINGMAN REGIONAL MEDICAL CENTER
6/10 - 1/11
Senior Clinical Applications Analyst III

   * Provide application management over the clinical and/or business
     information system software portfolio.
   * Responsible for analyzing and resolving software problems and
     performing annual software upgrades.
   * Provide project management support as directed by the Director of
     Clinical Informatics and/or project manager.
   * Responsible for establishing information management as defined by
     process owners.
   * Responsible for planning the information integration across the
     continuum of care
   * Responsible for software design and configuration.
   * Provide support and status on issues to resolve incidents and users'
   complaints
   * Fulfill requests received from the division Service Desk, other
   departments, and facility service resources such as Siemens' Soarian
   Clinical, NextGen EHR, and Carecast.
   * Work with enterprise subject matter experts, services resources and
   the enterprise Service Desk in managing resolution of clinical
   application incidents and requests.
   * Participate in new module/application implementation, testing, and
   training for the facility and work with the Director of Clinical
   Informatics to actively promote and support division standardization,
   utilization, health information exchange, integration and optimization
   plans for all clinical applications.

FUSION TELECOM
5/02 - 2/09
Information System Analyst
   * Monitor operability and reliability of the overall network by
     utilizing software
            products provided to ensure high level of service
            availability.
   * Track and report of relevant Networking performance metrics.
   * Troubleshoot sophisticated, third party applications.
   * Monitor changes in call count (volume) and call duration for
   hardware.
   * Coordinate with NOC to maintain the routing table of by removing
   carriers with
   the inability to complete outbound traffic.
   * Meet with Management to report NOC composite reports of problems.
   * Support the technical and commercial evaluation of new
   interconnection
   agreements, cross-checking billing and accounting information.
   * Prepare and review the ad hoc and daily measured traffic reports on
   a
   bi-weekly basis.
   * Coordinate with NOC personnel to resolve capacity, quality and
   out-of-service
   condition for Fusion customers and vendors.