
Crystal Joy Fonbah Agwa
IRVING, TX 75038| (214) 364 0572 | cjoyade25l@gmail.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Organized, methodical, and process-driven Informatics graduate with excellent analytical, problem
solving and customer service skills seeking to leverage 5 years of client facing experience,
analytical and critical thinking skills to contribute to organizational growth in mortgage setting.


EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATIONS
Associate in Accounting- Dallas Community College -North Lake
Diploma financial accounting minor Human Resource Management ABE-UK Dec 2016

TECHNICAL SKILLS
         *      Ability to analyze complex income assts, credit and collateral reports.
         *      Able to perform duties within prescribed productivity timelines while maintain high
           quality.
         *      Working Knowledge of FHA, FNMA / FHLMC, USDA, Conventional, Jumbo and VA policies and
           guidelines and Carry a pipeline of 25-30 Loans and review new files within 24-48 hours
         *      Excellent analytical skills, ability to maintain high production and quality.
         *      Ability to work within multiple priorities, to work under and meet deadlines.
         *      Up-to-date working knowledge of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac Processing guidelines, Automated
            Processing Engines (DU/LP), Encompass.
         *      Continue education to stay current with regulations and industry requirements that affect
           decision making.
         *      Excellent typing skills with both speed and accuracy and possess good organizational and
           multitasking skills.
         *      Experience Commercial and small business administration Processor.
         *      Ability to perform due diligence compliance reviews (TRID, QM, disclosures, threshold
           tests, etc.) and, in some cases credit reviews on closed mortgage origination loan files.
         *      Ability to carry out requisite loan calculations (DTI, LTV, CLTV) etc.


   Mortgage Processor -Lendio Utah

   April 2018 - Nov 2021

    *      Responsible for processing Conventional, Jumbo, FHA, and VA residential mortgages
    *      Review all new loan application requests that are submitted to processing for completeness and
      accuracy to provide borrowers with all the required forms and/or documentation needed for
      underwriting
    *      Review documentation received from borrowers for discrepancies, omitted data, calculate, and
      verify income, verify assets, and update mortgage applications based on verified information.
    *      Determine initial potential for qualification by evaluating credit history, income levels and
      assets/liabilities; calculate debtto-income and loan-to-value ratios.
    *      Restructure loan request and recommend for adverse action as needed.
    *      Responsible for reviewing and addressing items involving loan product, credit, occupancy and
      employment verifications and order verbal verification of employment (VVOE) for pay-off
      accounts.
    *      Order all necessary documents to satisfy DU/LP and/or product requirements from Loan
      Originator, customer, or vendor
    *      Track all requested documents in Encompass
    *      Clear all approval conditions as outlined by the underwriter
    *      Communicate with all parties to the loan transaction throughout the process (Loan Officers,
      Realtors, Borrowers, Attorneys, Title Companies, etc.)
    *      Identify expired counteroffers and send out Statement of Credit Denial and Adverse Action
      Letters as required.
    *      Accurately read and interpret underwriting/DU findings and Transmittal Summaries.
    *      Provide status reports to loan officers of current files in processing
    *      Process loans to meet contract deadlines and rate lock expiration dates
    *      Must ensure that all appropriate post-closing documents.
    *      Utilize Encompass tracking system to ensure timely collection of appraisals, title, and all
      other supporting documents needed to process the file.
    *      Managing files to specific timelines as outlined in the residential lending department
      procedures.
Home Service Specialist
Gate way First Bank
April 2017- Feb 2018
    *      Responsible for reviewing, interpreting, and evaluating documents received from lenders and or
      borrowers for loan closing accuracy and sufficiency.
    *      Assisted with loan process; prepare commitment letters, review reports and loan documents
      before borrower signs.
    *      Performs and documents risk assessment on loan requests.
    *      Works directly with Lenders and borrowers to discuss issues, ask questions and make financial
      and covenant recommendations as necessary.
    *      Responsible for verifying accuracy of information provided; loan application file that
      application data is complete and meets establishment standards, including type and amount of
      loan, borrower assets and liabilities.
    *      Built a process for streamlining the customer service process; created a customer service
      script that was used across the company to interact with customers.
    *      Ensure that the Bank's policies and procedures, code of conduct, and regulatory guidelines are
      complied.
    *      All other tasks, responsibilities, or duties, as directed by management,
    *      Reviews loan application file to verify that application data is complete and meets
      establishment standards, including type and amount of loan, borrower assets, and liabilities.
    *      Review reconciliation of tax transcripts. Tracked all loans in process via a loan tracking
      report.
    *      Researched and analyzed financial data, interprets, and prepares reports of financial position
      with recommendations regarding credit worthiness of the borrower and accurate loan grade.
    *      If creditworthy, prepared Loan Approval Request and submitted to the Bank/SBA for loan
      approval. If not able to proceed, discuss with and provide information to appropriate parties.
    *      Analyze income from salaried, commissioned, self-employed, investments, fixed income sources.

Document review Specialist/Processor
* Fairway Mortgage Corporation, Texas.
2016- Feb 2017
    *      Responsible for day-to-day operations and administrative support for one or more Wealth
      Advisor including answering inbound calls and email requests, scheduling and gathering client
      data for ongoing service processes.

    *      Send loan application forms, disclosures agreements, and other supporting documentation to
      customers for completion and signature; manage the collection of completed documents
      accordingly.
    *      Update Reverse Vision on a timely basis when applicable transaction changes occur.
    *      Order tax transcripts from IRS and social security number validation from Social Security
      Administration.
    *      Obtain automated underwriting system findings, and update files as accordingly
    *      Ensuring all paperwork and procedures for client requests are completed and adhere to
      compliance requirements
    *      Coordinating with internal operation departments to ensure client requests are fulfilled
    *      Maintaining data integrity across all systems and updating as necessary
    *      Researching client issues in cooperation with back-office operation partners
    *      Some duties can include if appropriate - onboarding new clients, processing transfer
      paperwork, setting up new accounts while coordinating with the wealth management team,
      custodians and Envestnet.
    *      Interviewing prospective applicants by telephone or in person, requesting and collecting
      pertinent documentation and physically assemble and process the file in computer software
      producing a completely documented mortgage loan file to meet underwriting submission
      guidelines.
    *      Use analytical skills to conduct initial loan analyses and monitor loan progress in
      consideration to market trends, credit quality, interest rates, economic conditions, and other
      factors
    *      Communicate with all divisions of the bank to obtain necessary documentation in a timely
      fashion.
Page 1 of 1