


kotero787@gmail.com
804-299-6581      KATHERINE OTERO
Woodford, VA 22580


Skills
*      Bi-lingual in English-Spanish
*      Culturally-sensitive care      Summary
*      Patient care planning      Accomplished Medication Management and Health Educator Nurse with over
3 years of experience dedicated to quality care of diverse patients. BSN from the University of
Puerto Rico Medical Science Campus- Nursing School, Virginia State Board of Nursing License Active.
I can smoothly blend hands-on skills with advanced clinical background. Successful at working with
all levels of healthcare providers, physicians and administrators to address patient needs. Fluent
in Spanish/English and dedicated to teaching, reaching and advocating in support of public health
objectives. Hardworking, well-versed in primary care. Able to treat patients of all ages,
specialized in delivering effective quality nursing care. Able to perform, interpret and apply
policies and procedures with good judgment.
*      Direct and Indirect Patient Care
*      Patient education and counseling
*      Nursing Plan Development and Modification      Experience
      Mary Washington Hospital - Cardiac Nurse
      Fredericksburg, VA
Education And Training      02/2022 - Current
11/2021      *      Explained patient conditions, procedures and treatment protocols to patients and
families.
BLS:      *      Monitored patients' vital signs using electrocardiograms in telemetry labs.
American Heart Association      *      Partnered with cardiologists to diagnose cause of arrhythmias and
offer interventional treatments.
VA      *      Assessed patient conditions, monitored behaviors and updated supervising physicians with
observations and concerns.
06/2015      Rappahannock Area Community Services Board - Health Educator
Bachelor of Science:      Fredericksburg, VA
Nursing Science      04/2019 - 01/2022
University of Puerto Rico, Medical Science Campus      *      Enhanced awareness of health resources and
worked to connect individuals with programs.
San Juan, PR, Puerto Rico, USA      *      Spoke with health community workers and members of public
about importance of health, prevention and treatment.
      *      Provided necessary health education training for patients and staff.
      *      Worked with VDH in the procurement of qualified staff for Community Health Workers.
      *      Achieved a reduction of per member cost for Anthem member included in the Anthem Health Home
      Program by developing and implementing preventive care initiatives.
      *      Devised new health education and promotion programs to meet specific or at-large needs of
      local community.
      Bowling Green Health and Rehab Center - Charge Nurse
      Bowling Green, VA
      07/2018 - 10/2018
      *      Supported physicians and consultants with tests and procedures.
      *      Administered prescribed medications and started intravenous fluids to address patient
      symptoms and underlying etiologies.
      *      Managed patient admissions and discharges to various settings.
      *      Presented information regarding diagnoses, conditions, illnesses, treatments and outcomes to
      patients and families in clear, easy-to-understand terminology.
      *      Helped patients develop self-care skills necessary to transition to independent living.
      *      Helped patients and families feel comfortable during challenging and stressful situations,
      promoting recovery and reducing compliance issues.
      *      Maintained strict patient data procedures to comply with HIPAA laws and prevent information
      breaches.
      MMM Holdings, LLC - MTM Clinical Nurse
      San Juan, Puerto Rico, Puerto Rico
      10/2016 - 09/2017
      *      Completion of Interactive Medication Reviews to decrease potential risks related to
      incorrect medication use.
      *      Motivational interviewing to coach beneficiary toward improved health care behaviors and
      self-management.
      *      Developing and implementing clinical educational programs to improve drug adherence and
      utilization therefore optimizing quality of life and reducing cost of care.


      Languages
      Bilingual (Spanish-English)

.

