




  RESUME OF: Silvi George

                                                    E-mail:silvig4@yahoo.com Phone:(954) 478 9789



    SUMMARY


  Over 9 Years of hands on experience in Software Quality Assurance, Information Technology and
  Testing on client/server and web-based application development projects, which includes with
  improving the quality and validation process in all aspects of Software Development Life Cycle.

  Energetic, self-motivated and reliable team player with the ability to juggle multiple tasks and
  meets tight deadlines.

    *      Experience in Manual and Automated Testing.
    *      Comprehensive experience with various types of testing including White box, Black Box,
      Regression, Unit, System, Integration, Stress, Performance and Load Testing.

    *      Done extensive Manual Testing and Test Case documentation.
    *      Extensive experience in writing Test Plans, defining Test Cases, developing and maintaining
      test scripts, analyzing bugs, interacting with team members in fixing the Errors.
    *      Experience in using Mercury test automation tools Win Runner, loadrunner, QTP and Test
      Director.

    *      Extensive experience in Functional, Integration, Regression, UAT and Data driven testing.

    *      Usage of Trackers/Bug Reporter like Test Director.
    *      Strong skills in Backend testing using SQL Queries on RDBMS. Expertise in data mining to
      create valid test cases based on real time data.


    *      Strong problem analysis and resolution skills
    *      Analytical and Systematic thinking ability with a goal and solution oriented approach.
    *      Ability to perform effectively and efficiently in a team and individually.

    *      Able to study new technologies and tricky concepts rapidly and execute them.

        TECHNICAL SKILLS
    Testing Tools:        Test Complete, WinRunner, LoadRunner, Quick Test Pro, Test Director and Quality Center
    Bug Reporting:        Test Director, Quality Center
    Enviornments:        Java, J2EE, Websphere, JSP, C, C++, Visual basic, ASP, VBScript, JavaScript
    Databases:        Microsoft SQL Server, IBM AS\400
    Operating Systems:        Windows 7/Vista/XP/2000/2003, MS-DOS, AS/400



    PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE


  Royal Caribbean Cruises International, Florida                  Sept 2007 thru Dec 2009
  Software Quality Assurance Analyst (Consultant)                  March 2010 till To Present
  Currently working and have been working over the last several years on various consulting
  engagements as a SQA consultant for Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines (a global cruise vacation
  company). Worked broadly on various Web projects (Guest and Travel Agency portals) performing
  manual and functional testing.

  Worked on various projects that involved n-tiers, globalization (multi language), PCI Compliance
  (Credit card Encryption), system integration with external partners, system enhancements and bug
  fixes.

  Environment: Java, J2EE, Web Sphere, Mercury Quality Center 9.0, Test Director 8.2, Quick Test
  Pro, Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server, IBM AS/400 - DB2

(Continued...)
Responsibilities:
    *      Manual and Functional testing.
    *      Reviewed Business requirements, IT Design documents and prepared Test Plans for all assigned
      project releases.
    *      Involved on testing the new functionalities based on test cases and coordinated with
      development team in fixing the issues.
    *      Handled several projects with the short deadlines.
    *      Tracking defects and report defects to the concerned authorities using Quality Center.
    *      Writing queries using Microsoft SQL Query Analyzer application to extract and validate data.
    *      Writing queries using AS400 Query Analyzer, WRKQRY, DBU to extract and validate data on the
      AS400.
    *      Performed Regression tests to ensure product integrity after modification and enhancements.
    *      Worked with the technical stall to validate test requirements, resolve design issues and
      software defects
    *      Involved in creating UAT test plans and subset of Functional test cases for UAT testing.
    *      Coordinate testing across various international offices and users.
    *      Contributed in regular status meetings to state any bugs, problems and risks.
    *      Shared test faults and outcomes to the project managers and the application developers.
    *      Offered weekly project condition to the project managers and the testing managers.

ABB Concise Optical Group LLC, Florida
QA Analyst                                                      Dec 2009 thru Feb 2010

ABB CONCISE is one of the nation's leading distributors of optical products, including contact
lenses, ophthalmic lenses, frames, sunglasses, accessories and contact lens solutions, also
manufactures Gas Permeable (GP) contact lenses.

Projects:
      Gas Permeable Orders: Enhance ABBCONCISE.com with GP order form by adding limitations to the
      parameter entry, highlighted the required parameter in Red & ignored paramenter entry with a
      K-reading.

      Future Ship: Enhance ABBCONCISE.com with ability to select shipment date for the current, make
      auto shipment for the future with updated quantity with specified interval.

      Replenishment Grid: Ability to add Multiple replenishment orders at a time by choosing
      different manufactures & product.

Environment: Winrunner, QTP, Test Director, SQL Server 2000, .NET, J2EE

Responsibilities:
     *      Interpreted functional specifications
     *      Defined and created use cases, test plans, test procedures, test cases for website
     *      Created test scripts in win runner/QTP for functional testing.
     *      Interfaced with the performance team to load test the application using Load Runner
     *      Performed defect tracking, analysis and reporting using Test Director
     *      Worked closely with Development on de-bugging issues
     *      Performed Functional, Integration, Regression, UAT and Data driven testing.
     *      Provided assistance to Customer Support using Remedy Support
     *      Conduct comparison reviews of baselines vs. automated test results
     *      Participate in project meetings contributing to the leadership


Tracfone Wireless Inc., Miami, Florida
Software Quality Assurance Tester      March 2006 to August 2007

Performed manual and automated SQA testing on TracFone and NET10 website applications, IVR and
WebCSR systems. Working with different types of cell phone technology, exp. CDMA, TDMA, Analog, and
GSM. Major functionality of the testing is to optimize the activation, deactivation, redemption,
purchasing, and the technical issues. Worked on different projects & BAU's (Business As Usual)

Project Scope:
WebCSR Rewrite: Rewrite the WebCSR system for faster performance by removing the java code which are
being repeated and trying to retrieve data when not necessary.
Promo Controller: Worked on variouse Airtime promo controller with required restrictions & rules.
GSM Upgrade : Functionality to Upgrade GSM phone to a different technology when moving to different
area network.

Environment: Mercury Quality Center 9.0, Test Director 8.2, Quick Test Pro,Load Runner, Microsoft
Visio, Excel, Word, Windows XP, WEBCSR, IVR, TF WEB, and NET10 WEB, Windows NT/2000/2003, SQL
Server,Toad

Responsibilities:
    *      Studying the application and preparing the ambiguities from requirement specification.
    *      Preparation of test plan and test cases for modules.
    *      System testing, functionality testing, UAT.
    *      Tracking defects and report defects to the concerned authorities using Quality Center.
    *      Creating scripts for regression tests using QTP and conducted tests.
    *      Enhancing the QTP scripts by modifying the same to get the test result more result oriented.
    *      Generating LoadRunner scripts with LR 8.1 and modified the scripts to enhance the load tests.
    *      Conducted LoadRunner tests with different load and Number of Users.
    *      Analyze the LR test results in LR Analysis and submitted to authorities.
    *      Writing queries using TOAD application to extract appropriate data.
    *      Participating with the project team to raise issues regarding the application.
    *      Actively participating in project meetings to plan the test accordingly.

  Bridge Software Inc, Miramar, Florida
  QA Analyst                                                      April 2003 thru Dec 2005

  Project: Market Share Analysis Tool

  Develop a standard, easy to use web based tool for an insurance company to analyze the
  competitor's financial performance as a means to validate their own performance and to identify
  market opportunities.
  Project: Agent/Broker Tracking System

  This web-based tool developed for an insurance company is intended to keep track of the company's
  active agents, number of quotes and applications received through an agent, the numbers of visits
  to an agent by a Marketing Manager on a weekly basis.
  Environment: AS\400, DB2, SQL Server 2000, Visual Basic, HTML, ASP, Winrunner, QTP, Loadrunner,
  Test Director
     *      Interpreted functional specifications
     *      Defined and created use cases, test plans, test procedures, test cases for website
     *      Created test scripts in win runner/QTP for functional testing.
     *      Interfaced with the performance team to load test the application using Load Runner
     *      Performed defect tracking, analysis and reporting using Test Director
     *      Developed and executed procedures, functions and triggers using PL/SQL
     *      Worked closely with Development on de-bugging issues
     *      Performed Functional, Integration, Regression, UAT and Data driven testing.
     *      Provided assistance to Customer Support using Remedy Support
     *      Conduct comparison reviews of baselines vs. automated test results
     *      Participate in project meetings contributing to the leadership

Unit Trust of India, Mumbai, India
Programmer            Sept 1997- Dec 1998

Project: Payroll & Hr Administration Product

The project comprises of Leave Attendance, Payroll system package and Admin Administration Package.
The package deals with recording daily attendance of staff, Leaves as per leave policy, Pay slip
calculation, Statutory Reports, Income Tax calculation as per FORM16 and FORM 24A

Project: Investor Management

Unit Trust of India an investment institution, which provides various tools for investment. This
project is a web-based application, which manages applying for various opportunities in investment
tools. Customers have their own login and they can go and see the mutual funds maturity date and
other information. There is also one promotional site which works with that and which tells user the
current promotional offers they can avail. Users can search UTI agents in their area and can leave a
message so that they can contact them back. This application also gives the full profile and past
track of that policy and its profitability in percentage.

Environment: VB6.0, ASP4.0, SQL Sever7.0
     *      Analysis of Business requirements and making use cases
     *      Coding for Report generation and HR module
     *      Executed test cases using scripts along with manual testing
     *      Interacted with development team & Client
     *      White Box Testing, Reporting Bugs, Bug Fixing

WANDER, Mumbai, India
Programmer            June 1996-August 1997

Project: Inventory Module of ERP Package

This system monitors opening stock information, creating bill of material, production plan, placing
of work order to vendor, raising requisition, dispatch of goods, production, goods receipt against
work order, Generation of reports.

Environment: VB6.0, SQL Sever7.0
     *      Creation of tables and indexes to enhance RDBMS database
     *      Coding of stored procedures, triggers and SQL queries
     *      Executed test cases using scripts ,along with manual testing
     *      Interacted with development team & Client
     *      White Box testing, Reporting of Bugs and Bug fixing


EDUCATION
Bachelors Degree in Computer Science & Technology
From: M.S. Ramaiah Institute of Technology, Bangalore, India

Visa\Working Permit Status:      US Citizen

References
  Cesar Caldera      Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines, Miami, Florida
  954-517-4020
  Mathew Perkowski      Tracfone Wireless, Miami, Florida
  954-715-6790
  Aijaz Quadri      Tracfone Wireless, Miami, Florida
  954-715-6650



