
Karen M. Reed                   (302) 299-0093   jeepgirl527@gmail.com


Results oriented, customer centric, innovative, and organized HR professional with a unique blend of
Generalist, Management, and entrepreneurial qualities. Effectively establishes vision and strategies
coupled with tactical implementation to achieve measurable results.


Talent Acquisition
Onboarding / Training
Benefits Administration
HIPAA / COBRA / Audits
Labor Laws / EEOC / ADA
OFCCP / FLSA / ERISA
FMLA / LOA / SOX
401k Administration
Policy / Procedure
Safety / Compliance
Workers Compensation
Performance Management
Compensation Analysis
Union Avoidance
Payroll & Timekeeping
Employee Relations
Discipline / Terminations
Employee Relations


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

WIS INTERNATIONAL, Manager, Employee Relations      2021 - present
Manage a remote team of HR Generalists investigating employee grievances across a national
enterprise consisting of diversified business brands. Direct the analysis and resolution of issues
with increasing complexity, visibility and risk related to policy or culture concerns, violations,
incident or threat by collaborating with field management, HR partners and legal team as
appropriate. Proactively develop and facilitate applicable training. Identify and interpret trends
in employee relations issues across the national enterprise. Design and recommend intervention and
solutions to improve organization effectiveness.

WIS INTERNATIONAL, Sr. Human Resources Business Partner      2016 - 2021
Provide virtual HR partnership to East/West Divisions consisting of 10,000+ employees as well as
National support to other brands. Offer guidance and solutions to leadership team on strategies,
performance management, progressive discipline, compensation, employee relations, and organizational
development. Key contributor in assessing, writing, interpreting, and developing company-wide
policy. Ensure field compliance with federal regulations, state employment laws and company policy.
Built strong relationships with field leadership team by fostering open door policy and initiating
regular touch point meetings. Partner with legal teams to address charges related to EEOC, NLRB and
DOL claims. Facilitated successful avoidance of Union activity. Investigate, manage, and resolve
complex employee relations issues and cascade pro-active prevention measures into field operations.
Coach and counsel leadership team in management techniques. Field travel delivering specialized HR
training, conduct climate assessments and pulse check employee morale in local districts. Drive
special HR projects, strategy and initiatives while remaining transparent and cohesive with other
Company Divisions and brands. Offer strategic support between departments to administer Benefits,
ADA, Health & Safety, Workers Comp and payroll to ensure consistency throughout organization. Lead
Company response to COVID19 regarding prevention measures, contact tracing, training, policy
documentation and reporting. Reduced average monthly grievances in half by educating managers and
training staff with focus on SOP. Improved employee satisfaction levels by creating and facilitating
management training on HR best practices, communication techniques, diversity/inclusion, drug free
workplace, managing difficult people and sensitivity training.

SERVICESOURCE INC, Regional HR Manager                                    2015 - 2016
Manage HR department overseeing Mid-Atlantic, Tri-State region recruitment strategy and onboarding
activities to staff government/military contracts. Deliver a broad range of HR administration across
diversified business units enforcing compliance with corporate policies and local government
contracted requirements. Facilitate partnerships with external resources to support business
tactics. Practice specialized employee relations with focus on RIF and various labor disputes while
maintaining employee morale, productivity and engagement. Consult on personnel changes,
compensation, labor law and best practices. Drive diversity program and company culture with
continuous education/training while monitoring and maintaining compliance ratios. Designed and
facilitated training modules focusing on communication across a changing workforce, diversity
training, violence in the workplace and various HR topics. Improved internal communication by
facilitating regular town hall meetings to open dialogue between employees and leadership team.

CBI GROUP, HR Generalist / Payroll Manager                                    2011 - 2015
Provide a broad scope of HR support across three business units not limited to payroll, timekeeping,
benefit/COBRA administration, FMLA, recruiting, onboarding, personnel changes, compliance, policy
and office management, labor law and best practices. Facilitate temporary staffing and onboarding
for large employment contracts across the nation including and not limited to SEI Financial,
SunTrust, W. L. Gore and Endo Pharmaceuticals. Designed HRIS database and applied measurement
techniques for business analysis. Successfully prepared and cleared audits for various license and
insurances. Collaborate with brokers, vendors and leadership team to deliver strategic results
enhancing employee experience, benefit packages and corporate culture. Facilitate company compliance
for healthcare reform (PPACA). Manage accounts receivables, collections and maintain company expense
reports.

ENDO PHARMACEUTICALS, (via CBI Group) HR Consultant                        2011 - 2012

AETNA, HR Generalist                              2007 - 2009
Strategically develop and facilitate life cycle recruiting strategies for administrative and
clinical positions with focus on RN, MSW, LCSW and PHD candidates. Coordinate RFP preparations for
the Northeast territory by spearheading focus groups to coordinate on site recruitment activities
and qualified candidate placement. Collaborate with Corporate leaders and execute change management
initiatives to successfully transition the organization to newly acquired operation models.
Administer day-to-day operation of company benefit programs, policies, salary reviews, payroll etc.
for employees and retirees and maintain HRIS integrity.

FINESTATIONERY.COM, Human Resources Manager            2004 - 2007
Established a full cycle HR department by initiating, developing and administering HR policies and
procedures while delivering organizational transformation and growth. Developed and implemented
employee handbook, job descriptions and salary guidelines. Implemented performance evaluation
program to measure core competencies. Designed and maintained HRIS database to track personnel
records. Establish and administer cost effective employee recognition programs. Facilitate full
cycle recruiting, new hire orientation, benefit administration, employee relations and terminations
in compliance with state and federal regulations. Strategically consult on short and long-term
companywide initiatives. Process bi-weekly payroll and successfully prepared for and cleared DOL
audit. Coordinate and oversee all corporate events and activities.

CHILDREN & FAMILIES FIRST, Human Resources Administrator                        2002 - 2003
Manage full cycle Human Resources department for statewide, multisite non-profit organization.

MORGAN STANLEY / DISCOVER CARD, Human Resources Specialist                        1996 - 2001
Held various HR positions throughout tenure, obtaining each through promotion.

EDUCATION & AFFILIATIONS
Pursued Bachelor of Science in Human Resources Management at Wilmington College
Member of Society of Human Resources Management

ADDITIONAL SKILLS
Microsoft Office Products. HRIS, Peoplesoft, Taleo, iCIMS. Ultipro, Workday, Lawson, Oracle,
SuccessFactors, Greentree, ADP, Kronos, QMF, Peachtree, Maxhire, and Internet experience. Extremely
detail oriented, multi-tasked, analytical, organized, and dedicated professional team player with a
confidential nature.
HR Resume - Karen M. Reed      Page 1 of 1