
Renee Roenicke
34272 Arbor Street, Dade City, FL 33523 * renee.roenicke@gmail.com * 352-279-8168


 KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES      Experienced Realtor that has excellent relationships with buyers and
                            sellers. Several years of experience working in the construction and
                            real estate industry. Knowledge of permit application procedures.
                            Working knowledge of blueprints, plans, deeds etc. Extensive experience
                            utilizing general office practices, procedures, and computer
                            systems/office equipment. Independent worker. Outstanding customer
                            service abilities, complex problem resolution skills, highly motivated
                            and reliable.
 EXPERIENCE      Dade City Realty/Realtor
       Dade City, FL
                          November 2012-Present
                          Assisting buyers and sellers in all aspects of the real estate transaction
                          process. Verifying county records for title, zoning, flood, etc. Ensuring
                          that all contracts are written and executed in a timely manner and that
                          all inspections are completed within the allowable contract terms.

                   Schaper Construction/Office Clerk
                   Zephyrhills, FL
                   April 2012-November 2012
                          Set up job files, applied for permits, managed jobs, created bids, and
                          ordered material for jobs. Managed payroll for each job and updated
                          Quickbooks with job information.

                          Smile Design Dentistry/Office Manager & Patient Coordinator
                          Dade City, FL
                          September 2009-April 2012
                          Managed an office with five providers. Ensured each patient had a clear
                          understanding of the treatment recommended. Made sure the office was
                          within budget including payroll, supplies and treatment acceptance.

                          Bradco Supply/Sales Representative
                          Oldsmar, FL
                          September 2001-August 2008
                          Contacted new and existing customers to discuss their needs for window,
                          roofing, and siding. Read blueprints to determine what materials were
                          needed for each customer. Managed orders and delivery schedules.

                          Hope Lumber/Installed Sales Manager
                          Dade City, FL
                          September 2001-July 2008
                          Managed the installed sales department with six sales representatives.
                          Ensured that the appropriate materials were ordered and installed in new
                          homes, based on blueprints.

 Education                  Pasco High School/Diploma, General Studies
                           Dade City, FL 1989

 Training/Certifications                  State of Florida Real Estate License 2014
                   Notary Public 2014
                   Jim Pancero Sales Training 2007
                   Management Training 2007
                   Human Resource Training 2007

 Affiliations                  East Pasco Association of Realtors
                           Multiple Listing Service