
Client Name
Page Two of Two




Salim Qafaiti
Fountain Valley, CA * 714-613-2039 * qafaitis@gmail.com * https://www.linkedin.com/in/salim-qafaiti-486857128/

Civil Engineer
Dedicated, highly professional civil engineer with experience in water and wastewater projects as
well as owning a full-scale business. Ability to manage full cycle projects, research and develop
plans, determine potential safety hazards, generate feasibility reports, and analyze completed work.
Experience conducting site visits, collaborating in cross-functional teams, and delivering
innovative solutions.
Areas of Expertise
    *      Project Management        *      Research & Design        *      ArcMap GIS
    *      Quality Control        *      MicroStation V8i SS4        *      Microsoft Office Suite
    *      Conflict Resolution
    *      Process Improvement
    *      AutoCAD
    *      Bluebeam
    *      Adobe Acrobat Pro
    *      InfraMap Field

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering | California State University, Long Beach, May 2020
Coursework: Geotechnical Engineering I, Transportation Engineering, Structural Steel Design, Seismic
Design I, Reinforced Concrete Design I, Engineering Hydraulics, Environmental Engineering I
Senior Design Project: Co-lead 14-person group on standalone drive-thru Starbucks project. Generated
effective solutions, procured plans and reports from City of Santa Ana, completed tasks utilizing
MicroStation and AutoCAD and designed water resources, including plumbing, drain, and stormwater
collection systems.
Engineer-In-Training Certification (pursuing)
AWARDS & DISTINCTIONS
President's Honor List, Enhanced CMACN 2019 & 2020 Engineering Scholarship
EXPERIENCE HIGHLIGHTS
PUBLIC WORKS AGENCY, CITY OF SANTA ANA, Santa Ana, CA, 2018-2020
Engineering Intern - Water Resources Division
Assisted with Sewer Lining Job Order FY1819-01 and spent $475K utilizing CIPP liner to line 5,900ft
of 6" sewer pipeline and 10,200ft of 8" sewer pipeline. Assessed CCTV videos and reports to inspect
impacted mains for potential lining, generated cost estimates, verified field locations for proposed
mains, analyzed the feasibility, and determined potential safety hazards. Collaborated with
subcontractors and documented costs, work production, and scheduling till project completion. Aided
in replacing 500ft of gravity sewer pipeline with 10" PVC sewer pipe and 645ft of pressurized water
pipeline with 12" PVC water pipe for the Garnsey St. Sewer & Water Main Repairs Project. Researched
available as-builts and infrastructure data, developed new project files, populated base maps in
MicroStation, and produced initial plans for review. Facilitated the Casa Bonita Neighborhood Sewer
Main Improvements Project, which replaced 1,200ft of aging sewer pipeline. Evaluated project scope
with Assistant and Associate Engineers, drew vicinity map, created Dig Alert for utility boundaries,
and prepared utility letters. Assessed finished work in water, sewer, stormwater, and topography
base maps.
Key Accomplishments:
    *      Managed and completed over $1.5M in rehabilitation job orders under supervision; furthermore,
      improved the City's water and wastewater infrastructure and resolved citizen complaints
      regarding traffic hazards.
    *      Completed Garnsey St. Sewer & Water Main Repairs Project from start to finish and conducted
      initial field walk.
ROYAL CLOTHING CO., Fountain Valley, CA, 2014-2020
Owner & President
Established a start-up company to manufacture, market, and sell ready-to-wear apparel and
accessories for men and women. Directed manufacturing, marketing, order fulfillment, inventory,
customer service, and finances for the company. Fulfilled orders promptly, completed all legalities,
and tracked costs and profits. Sold business assets and completed all closeouts by January 2020.
Key Accomplishments:
    *      Founder of a company that reached five figure sales in the first year and became profitable
      within two years.
    *      Implemented large social media presence, which facilitated increase in sales and customer
      base.