
Jasmine Well
3912 42nd Ave. Apt. C    Cell: (916) 807-7778
Sacramento, California 95824    Jwells111990@yahoo.com


CAREER OBJECTIVE

My objective is to be successful in a career that I can excel in. I would
also like to work in a professional environment that is clean and
efficient. The position should offer the opportunity for advancement.

SKILLS & ABILITIES

* Proficient at typing            * Time Management               *
  Maintained professional location
* Familiar with office programs   * Safely store chemicals        *
  Conflict resolution
* Meal preparation                * Utilizing cleaning supplies   *
  Proficient at multitasking


    EXPERIENCE

Job Title - Beverly Harding 3811 41st Ave., Sacramento, California 95824
Nov. 2012 - Present
Position: Child Care Provider
Duties: I planned coordinated, supervised, and monitored children's
activities, handled and resolved disputes, administered minor first aid,
provided discipline, time outs, understanding, and emotional support. I
also organized arts and crafts; assisted with homework; prepared and
served nutritious, balanced snacks and meals; put children down for naps;
monitored television shows being viewed; laundered soiled clothing; and
bathed and prepared children for bed.

Job Title - EGACE 8401 Gerber Road, Elk Grove, California 95828      June
2009 - Sep. 2009
Position: Team Member.
Duties: Safely stored, handled, mixed, and utilized cleaning chemicals.
Swept, mopped, dusted, and changed light bulbs. I vacuumed, cleaned and
spot cleaned carpets, rugs and furniture. I cleaned, sanitized and
restocked restrooms. I removed litter form the grounds. I emptied
receptacles and disposed of trash. I washed windows, walls and ceilings.
I set up furniture. Finally I maintained cleaning equipment.

Job Title - Beth Ritchie, Elk Grove, California 95828    Nov. 2006 - June
2009
Position: Child Care Provider
Duties: I planned coordinated, supervised, and monitored children's
activities, handled and resolved disputes, administered minor first aid,
provided discipline, time outs, understanding, and emotional support. I
also organized arts and crafts; assisted with homework; prepared and
served nutritious, balanced snacks and meals; put children down for naps;
monitored television shows being viewed; laundered soiled clothing; and
bathed and prepared children for bed.

EDUCATION & TRAINING

Calvine High School, Elk Grove, California
High School Diploma

PERSONAL QUALITIES

Hard working, conscientious, dependable, detail oriented, diplomatic,
efficient


References Available Upon Request