
Dionne M. Brooks-Willis

4548 Grouse Place* Waldorf, Maryland 20603 * 301-638-0588 301- 653-2799
  DionneBWillis@aol.com

To seek a challenging position in a field that expresses my interests and talents
  in addition to utilizing the opportunity for a promising and rewarding career.
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

Knowledge and use of automated legal reference systems to conduct basic research
  to compile information and verify citations, Lexis Nexis, Find law
Knowledge of Postal laws, regulation, procedures and policies as they relate to
  grievance procedures and discrimination Knowledge of employee/ management
  relations and their importance in the workplace
Knowledge of grievance/conflict management processes and resolution, or
  addressing work related problems in accordance with contracts or policies.

EMPLOYMENT
SHOP STEWARD    (2003 -2007)
Local 305, National Postal Mailhandlers Union    Capital Heights, Maryland

Receive telephone calls and personal visits from a variety of individuals seeking
  information on the grievance process and procedures for filing
  charges/complaints within the USPS, EAP, Workers Compensation and EEO
  Department, and make appropriate referrals, if necessary. Counsel employers and
  employees on their rights and responsibilities, under federal and postal laws,
  regulations, procedures and policies as they relate to grievance procedures and
  discrimination. Interview individuals, conduct on-site visits, request
  information as a means to gather evidence in the investigation of charges of
  discrimination, attendance and/or but not limited to work performance.
  Determine whether or not a violation has occurred. Examine, review, prepare
  legal documents, draft charges, and meet with appropriate management officials
  to negotiate settlement agreements to obtain appropriate relief for the
  grievant and policy changes within the organization. Performing duties
  diligently while simultaneously maintaining composure and a friendly manner
  towards colleagues under stressful conditions.

MAILHANDLER    $45,390 year                                   (1994-2007)
United States Postal Service    Capital Heights, Maryland

I was responsible for keying, labeling, wrapping, sorting and dispatching mail.
  Mail is separated according to weight and dimension. I was responsible for
  unloading and loading incoming and outgoing mail off and onto trucks. My
  responsibility is to separate mail according to zip code, properly color code
  and containerize the mail using the dispatch discipline. Providing and
  maintaining general housekeeping in my work area.

MAILHANDLER    (1993-94)
United States Postal Service    Capital Heights, Maryland

As a temporary employee my duties were keying, sorting and loading incoming mail.
  I was converted to Full-time status.

Dionne M. Brooks-Willis * mailto:DionneBWillis@aol.com

DionneBWillis@aol.com * 301653-2799 * Page 2


MAILROOM CLERK    (1992-93)
Bogule & Gates Law Firm    Washington, D.C.

While a student in college, my duties included faxing, copying, light typing, and
  weighing, postaging, stamping, sorting, delivering mail to and for
  approximately seven Secretaries and Attorneys within the Law Firm. This
  position was part-time and temporary; meaning, I only worked when called on.

EDUCATION
Pursuing Associate in arts degrees in Paralegal Studies & Criminal Justice   
  (June 2005-present)
Prince Georges Community College    Largo, Maryland
Courses taken include:
                                 Sociology, Techniques to Legal Research,
                                   Employment Law, Criminal Evidence and
                                   Procedure, Legal Writing & Documents, Criminal
                                   Investigation, Legal Ethics, Contracts, Civil
                                   Litigation, Intro. To Philosophy, Torts and
                                   Insurance Law, Human Relations and Conflict
                                   Management, Law Enforcement and the Community,
                                   Criminology, Personal and Community Health and
                                   Domestic Relations.

      Completed courses in Career and Assessment Planning, American National
        Government and Criminal Law
Computer Information Systems, which consisted of DOS, Word Perfect 5.0-5.2, Lotus
  1-2-3 and some DBASE, Psychology, Speech Communications and English Courses
  which consisted of Business Communication and    Expository Writing.

Friendly High School    (1987-1991)
High School Diploma    Fort Washington, Maryland

PROFESSIONAL TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT

Trained and experienced in working in a team environment
Trained and experienced in legal research
Trained and experienced in gathering and analyzing information
Trained and experienced in customer service/ support
Trained and experienced in client interviewing and screening
Trained and experienced in OSHA/Postal Compliance, 1999
Experienced in online research
Experienced in online classes
Member and Recording Secretary of Quality of Working Life, U.S.P.S

TECHNICAL PROGRAMS

Omni form fill, Lexis/Nexis, Microsoft Office: Word, Excel, Power Point, Outlook,
  Access; Windows 95/98/XP, Lotus and Dbase; Blackboard Online program

CERTIFICATES

Certificate of Appreciation, "90%" EXFC Score, for AP-7, 1996
Letter of Appreciation, "Outstanding Performance for Shop Steward", 2004