

Denise Williamee
(907) 987-4475 * dwilliamee@gmail.com

Professional Experience

Lemieux & Associates
Midwest Region: MI, MN, MO, WI, IL, IA, IN
Regional Sales Manager (10/2018-01/2020)
Develop and execute a territory action plan to achieve revenue quota. Focus on achieving monthly,
quarterly and annual sales / profit targets. Initiate, develop and maintain relationships with key
decision-makers within all accounts. Develop and present targeted, specific proposals that
facilitate solutions. Annual account Stewardship reporting and presentation. Follow proposals
through decision-making and purchasing process to closure. Represent company at local, state,
regional and national conferences and exhibits. Undertake targeted marketing and networking
activities to identify and reach out to prospective customers.


Frasco Investigative Services
Orlando, FL (statewide sales territory)
Investigative Consultant (07/2017-07/2018)
Develop and execute a territory action plan to achieve revenue quota. Focus on achieving monthly,
quarterly and annual sales and gross profit targets. Initiate, develop and maintain relationships
with key decision-makers within priority accounts. Develop professional proposals that communicate a
compelling solution. Follow proposals through decision-making and purchasing process to closure.
Pipeline and forecast management. Represent company at local, state, regional and national
conferences and exhibits. Undertake targeted marketing and networking activities to identify and
reach out to prospective customers. Collaborate to develop implementation plans for large accounts.

Stepovich & Vacura
Fairbanks, Alaska
Paralegal (1/1998-9/2001) (2/2014-8/2014
Draft and file pleadings, legal research and investigation, client meetings/consults, prepare trial
binders, case management, schedule appointments, calendaring, client consults, case management and
payroll/bookkeeping. Develop and implement firm management protocols. Areas of law: Federal Civil
Litigation, Medical Malpractice, Premise Liability and Criminal Defense.

Arizona Investigative Associates
Gilbert, Arizona
Defense Investigator (6-2011-3/2012) (10/2012-10/2013)
Criminal Defense Investigator; Felony / Misdemeanor Offenses including homicide, theft, sexual
assault and fraud. Locate and interview witnesses, recorded statements, canvass scenes, write
detailed reports as well as case summaries and recommendations. Complex case analysis reporting,
discourse analysis of written, verbal and recorded statements.

Specialized Investigations, Inc.
Scottsdale, Arizona
Investigator / Client Relations Specialist (6/2011-10/2013)
Skip-tracing /Locates, SIU fraud investigations, Mortgage Insurance fraud case investigation and
analysis. Locate and interview witnesses, take recorded statements, canvass scenes, photography and
videography, obtain police and other reports as needed. Perform B2B marketing duties as required
(develop and maintain client relationships) and attend all industry-relevant functions.

DCRI, LLC.
Fairbanks, Alaska
Private Investigator (8/2004- 11/2009)
Owned and operated full-service Private Investigation firm. Services: criminal defense,
surveillance, legal research, SIU, interviews, photo and videography, civil litigation,
skip-tracing, complex case-analysis, fraud, subrosa, undercover, writ assistance, repossession.

Other Past Experience

In-Chambers Federal Judicial Secretary for U.S. Magistrate Judge (1 year); Bookkeeper/Business
Manager/Service Writer (12 years); Account Manager/Payroll (1.5 years); Bookkeeper - Law Office (2.0
years); Office Manager /A&P Certification Facility (2.2 years); Construction Field Office Manager (1
year)Collections Paralegal (1.5 years). Sous Chef (breakfast, lunch, dinner) for multiple
establishments (3 years). Co-Owned and managed/maintained multiple properties
(commercial/residential) over a 17-year span.

Education

UAF AAS Paralegal Studies (cum laude) May 2002

