
DOUGLAS T. WEAVER

542 Turlington Rd Suffolk, VA 23434 | D.Weaver.Consulting@gmail.com | 757-633-0610

OBJECTIVE
Seeking a position with a professional organization that can utilize my 20 plus years of proven
skills in Network Engineering, Network Administration, Network Monitoring, Customer Service, and
currently holding a Secret Security Clearance.


Technical Certifications

 *      MCSA Windows Server 2016 Certification
 *      Comptia Security+CE Certification 2019
 *      Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer 2003: Security                  {MCSE 2003: Security}
 *      Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer 2000: Security                  {MCSE 2000: Security]
 *      Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer 2003: Messaging                  {MCSE 2003: Messaging}
 *      Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer 2000: Messaging                  {MCSE 2000: Messaging}
 *      Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer 2003                        {MCSE 2003}
 *      Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer 2000                        {MCSE 2000}
 *      Cisco Certified Design Associate                              {CCDA}
 *      Cisco Certified Network Associate            {CCNA}
 *      Cisco Certified Network Professional                              {CCNP}
 *      Microsoft Certified Systems Administrator 2000/2003: Security            {MCSA 2000/2003: Security}
 *      Microsoft Certified Systems Administrator 2000/2003: Messaging            {MCSA 2000/2003: Messaging}
 *      Microsoft Certified Systems Administrator 2000/2003                  {MCSA 2000/2003}
 *      Microsoft Certified Professional                                    {MCP}
 *      Fiber-Optic Certified      {U.S. ARMY}
 *      Wire Systems Installer / Maintainer Course      {U.S. ARMY}
 *      Communications-Electronics Installers Course (BIC)      {U.S. ARMY}
 *      Fiber-Optic Certified      {U.S. ARMY}
 *      Wire Systems Installer / Maintainer Course      {U.S. ARMY}
 *      Communications-Electronics Installers Course (BIC)      {U.S. ARMY}



TECHNICAL SKILLS SUMMARY

 OS & Enterprise Apps      Windows NT/2000/2003 Server, Exchange, Trend Micro Antivirus, ISA firewall,
                     Proxy Server, Linux Red Hat Fedora 2, VM Ware, Terminal Server, 2003 & 2006
 Desktop Technologies      Windows 10/7/98/NT/2000/XP, Microsoft Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint,
                     FrontPage, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Scanners, Stand Alone, and
                     Desktop Networked Printers
 Cable Technologies      OTDR, Wire Scope, Power Meters, Red Light Tester, Fusion-Splicing, CAT-5, CAT-6,
                     Coax, Fiber-Optic, Single, Multi-Mode
 Electronics      Oscilloscopes, Multi-Meters Logic Probe, Prototyping Breadboard
                                                          Multisim Simulation programs
Equipment Operation      U.S. ARMY 2 1/2, 5 TON Tactical Vehicles, HumVee, Manual, Automatic
ForkLift
                                                           Power Drills, Ban Saw, Grinders,
   Reciprocating Saw, Power Saws


PROFESSIONAL WORK HISTORY

Network Monitoring Analyst       Valdez International      Hampton, VA - January 2020 - Present
As a Network Monitor I utilize tools such as SolarWinds, and SCOM to monitor the network and provide
proactive and reactive identification of network infrastructure problems across the enterprise. I
follow and execute established network monitoring procedures to quickly identify troubleshoot, and
resolve network incidents which negatively impact the enterprise capabilities and report network
status to Network Operations Controllers as events unfold and track incidents to resolution. I
perform routine, scheduled hardware and software checks on Infrastructure and core services which
will be documented in our Master Log. I collect and document all available data on potential and
actual problem areas in order to support rapid hand-off of problems to management, or incident
response teams when necessary. I do daily routine scans of our Remedy incident ticket system, and
resolve and escalate as necessary to the appropriate internal organizations for incident resolution.
I add delete, configure, and troubleshoot all nodes on the network using the SCOM, and SolarWinds
monitoring tools, and applications.


Construction Assistant Callis Construction      Suffolk, VA - September 2018 - January 2020
I am a construction assistant that assists with site cleanup and grading work, and taking phone
calls to picking up and delivering materials to the job site, and coordinating and documenting all
information with other trade personnel as needed
for all materials to be on site so each trade can do their job efficiently and get all work done by
estimated deadlines.




Communication Specialist Spectrum Services Group Portsmouth, VA - November 2016 - August 2018
As a Communication Specialist for (NMCP) Naval Medical Center Portsmouth we monitor all buildings
inside and
out through our camera systems. We also monitor the Hugs Tag system, and C-Cure system which alarms
us of
any Intrusion Alarms, and Hugs Tag baby alarms for each baby on all the hospital wards. We follow a
preplanned
response protocol for each code that we call in the hospital. We are in charge of keeping a key log
for the signing
in and out of keys for all hospital staff and military personnel. We do four daily pager recall
roster test checks for proper functionality and accountability of all pagers used by our Doctors and
Nurses. We communicate through landline phones
and 2-way radios with the NSA security team to go investigate code calls and Intrusion Alarm calls.
We take rough draft notes throughout our shifts and transfer them into our daily electronic log
journal. We monitor all of NMCP fire panels for code red calls for all types of building fires. At
the end of each shift we do a brief pass down of any important information the oncoming shift needs
to know. We do a checklist sheet at the beginning of each shift to make sure all equipment is in
good working order.


IT Consultant / Software Troubleshooter      Suffolk, VA 2008 - November 2016
Walked customers through troubleshooting their computers and printers, such as doing checks for spy
ware and viruses. Fixed and troubleshot all Dell, and various other installed programs and Microsoft
applications. Walked customers through OS Reinstalls, Driver Reinstalls and application
installations for windows XP, VISTA, windows 7 and windows 10. Troubleshot and fixed Microsoft
Outlook and Outlook Express email issues. Helped customers with cookie cleanup, disk cleanup, and
registry clean up. and defragmentation. Helped customers with file and data recovery and backup by
using CDR, CDRW blank CD'S, USB flash drives and external hard drives, and set up and troubleshot
Symantec, McAfee, and Trend Micro anti-virus software's.


Security Professional       Multiple employers      VA Beach, VA October 2010 - November - 2016
I have provided customer and security service to patrons in multiple venues (restaurants, night
clubs, and, department stores) by answering any questions and offering assistance regarding the
subject establishment. I greet customers at the door, check ID's, and do physical pat downs when
required, as well as wand probe detection. I monitor the subject establishment both physically and
electronically, for adherence to shoplifting laws and unruly physical conduct that may occur. I am
directly responsible for the documentation of any verbal or physical incidents that occurred for
company records. I also work with the surveillance personnel through radio communication, and make
apprehensions and arrests of customers and employees that were documented or recorded as shoplifters
through electronic surveillance. I record and generate incident reports as required.


Medical Delivery Courier       BAU      PORTSMOUTH, VA      September 2008 - September 2010
I am working as a professional delivery courier delivering all forms of medicine, medical supplies,
and equipment to all Nursing Homes and Hospitals in the Hampton Roads area.


Doug's Personal Safety Products    Safety Products Business Suffolk, VA      January 2008 - October
2010
I have several retail locations set up in the Hampton Roads area where I deliver and sell Personal
Safety Products from Pepper Sprays, First Aid Kits, Auto Nap Zappers, Door Stop Alarms, and Pet
Safety Lights.


Network Systems Analyst       DRS      IRAQ      July 2007 - December 2007
Maintained DELL Power Edge rack mount servers, and Cisco 2600, 3700, series routers and Cisco 2950,
3550, and 3750G series switches on the Non Secure [NIPR], and Secure [SIPR] networks. Setup switches
and routers for IOS upgrades and port security using Cisco's Sticky Mac. Setup routers and switches
using Telnet and SSH for remote access. Maintain and monitor networks using the Cisco Network
Assistant, NTOP, and Whats Up Gold monitoring applications. Documented and designed networks using
VISIO applications. Familiar with the operation and inputting of keys in the KIV 7, and KIV 19 for
total encryption of the SIPR, and NIPR, networks. Maintained Cisco 7910, 7940, and 7960 series VOIP
phones using Cisco Call manager 3.3. Imaged new PCs for the network updated PCs for the network
using Harris Stat Scan. Used Microsoft Exchange Server 2003 to create, modify, add, and move
accounts, and users to proper groups and OU'S using Active Directory. Added PC's to the network and
to the domain through DHCP.


Network Administrator       ITT Systems      Afghanistan      March 2007 - July 2007     Setup
configure, and maintain DELL Power edge rack mount servers, and Cisco 2600 routers and Cisco 2950,
3550, and 3500 series switches on the Non Secure [NIPR], and Secure [SIPR] and Secure Centrix
networks. Setup switches and routers for IOS upgrades and port security using Cisco's Sticky Mac.
Setup routers and switches using Telnet and SSH for remote access. Maintain and monitor networks
using Solarwinds and Whats Up Gold monitoring applications. Documented and designed networks using
VISIO applications. Familiar with the operation and inputting of keys in the KIV 7, and KIV 19 for
total encryption of the SIPR, NIPR, and Centrix networks. Maintain Cisco 7960 series VOIP phones.
Imaged new PC's for the network.



Tech Pros Group       LAN/WAN Engineer Program Irvine, CA      August 2006 - November 2006
Used VM-WARE to install setup and configure Domain Controllers, MS Exchange 2003, and [RIS] using
windows XP. Installed Active Directory and components such as WINS, DNS, and DHCP. Setup users and
groups and set permissions and setup client email and internet. Setup and configured Microsoft ISA
firewalls and branch Domain Controllers servers and hosts for MS network operations. Gained
conceptual and hands on knowledge of Cisco routers and switches through intense hands on labs on the
CCNA and CCNP levels. Setup routers and switches with cross-over, roll-over, and straight through
cables. Configured routers and switches using various routing protocols such as RIP, RIP V2, EIGRP,
OSPF, and setup Cisco VLANS.


System Administrator       EDS      Norfolk, VA      October 2005 - August 2006
Assisting customers on the Navy Marine Corp Intranet [NMCI Project] with password resets, account
setup, Microsoft Outlook email issues, spy ware, and virus removal. Assisted customers with RAS
setup, mapping printers, and installing software applications for customers. Assisted customers with
NetMeeting and Tivoli remote access tools to resolve issues. Worked in Active Directory using
Microsoft windows exchange server 2000 for account, and domain lookup for customers. Helped
customers resolve connectivity issues on laptop and Desktop computers and used the Remedy
application to document all case issues.


Software Dell Help Desk Agent       ICT GROUP   Chesapeake, VA      April 2005 - October 2005
Walking customers through troubleshooting their computers and printers, such as doing checks for spy
ware and viruses. Fixed and troubleshot all Dell installed programs and Microsoft applications.
Walked customers through OS Reinstalls, Driver Reinstalls and application installations for windows
98, ME, 2000, and XP. Troubleshot and fixed Microsoft Outlook and Outlook Express email issues.
Helped customers with cookie cleanup, disk cleanup, and defragmentation. Helped customers with file
and data recovery and backup by using CDR, CDRW blank CD'S, USB flash drives and external hard
drives, and setup and troubleshot Symantec, McAfee, and Trend Micro anti-virus software.


ECPI College of Technology       Virginia Beach, VA      April 2003 - Dec 2004
Gained conceptual and hands on knowledge through written and physical hands on lab testing. Worked
on all 7 layers of the OSI model using various protocols TCP/IP, ARP, Trace Routing, Tel-Netting,
and Sub-Netting. Setup various routing and switching diagrams using VISIO applications. Used various
routing protocols such as RIP, RIP V2, OSPF, IGRP, and EIGRP for setup and configuration of routers
and switches. Setup all routers and switches using a combination of cross over, roll over and
straight through cables. Minored in Electronics taking several classes in Electricity, and
Electronics gaining written and hands on lab testing knowledge.


U.S. ARMY       Wire Systems Installer      Various Locations      May 1996 - May 2000
Installed maintained, and tested various forms of cabling from Cat 5, Fiber Optic, Coax, Shielded,
Unshielded, and 26 Pair cabling. Supervised teams and, ran all forms of cabling on base and when
setting up for field maneuvers training and when deployed state side, and overseas.


EDUCATION
 ECPI College of Technology      AAS Degree in Computer Network Technology            Virginia Beach, VA
 Tech Pros Group, Inc.              LAN/WAN Engineer Program      Irvine, CA
 U.S. ARMY                  Wire Systems Installer Course                        FT. Gordon, GA