
V. MICHELA BAILEY-OTIS, MA, LPC
Licensed Professional Counselor
vmichela@sbcglobal.net

(314) 471-9663
EXPERIENCE

Private Practice
Approximately 10 years experience as an out patient psychotherapy counselor in
  private practice, providing individual, couples, and family counseling, as well
  as groups from time to time. Counseling adolescents and adults; clinical
  subspecialty areas include women's issues, and chemical dependency. Experienced
  in providing EAP services and working with managed care contracts. 
  Demonstrated ability in managing and developing a small business, and in
  procuring contracts. (2/1997-present)

Magellan Behavioral Health Services
Full-time EAP and Managed Care Counselor in staff offices in Metropolitan St.
  Louis. Performed general counseling duties. Utilized Brief Therapy, Mandatory
  Supervisory Counseling Referral procedures, case presentation and staffing,
  client company and case management interface. Able to follow directives and
  procedures, and worked well independently within company parameters.
  Demonstrated ethical and responsible counseling. Staff office was closed in
  Sept./Oct. 2000.

(11/1999-10/2000)

St. Louis/St. Charles Co. Community Services
Part-time Chemical Dependency Counselor for Clinical Intervention Program (CIP),
  in an agency providing Substance Abuse Traffic Offenders Program (SATOP) for
  the State of Missouri. Duties included intake/discharge, individual case
  management, and group counseling. Responsible for providing and organizing
  psycho-educational lectures, group counseling, assessment, and individual
  therapy/case management to offenders. (11/1998-11/1999)

Women's Support & Community Services Center
Individual therapist to women survivors of trauma due to emotional, physical
  and/or sexual abuse. Performed intakes, and participated in case consultation
  presentations and discussions. Client population was of diverse backgrounds in
  every way, and included diagnoses such as dissociation, schizophrenia,
  post-traumatic stress, depression and anxiety. Demonstrated ability to develop
  strong therapeutic relationship. (5/1996-12/1996)

St. John's Mercy Dual-Diagnosis Day Hospital (The Edgewood Program)
Facilitated group counseling, after-care groups and provided individual
  therapy/case management to clients with dual-diagnosis. Population consisted of
  male and female adults with various combinations of mental health and chemical
  dependency diagnoses. Assisted with case management and group counseling in The
  Edgewood Program as well. (5/1996-12/1996)

Crisis Intervention Counselor
Volunteer Crisis Counselor on Women's Crisis Line approximately 15 hours per
  month for two years. Responsible for providing crisis intervention and
  referrals to appropriate resources for a diverse population of battered women,
  sexual assault and incest survivors, suicidal individuals, and helping with
  child and elder abuse reports. (1/1996-2/1998)


EDUCATION
Master of Arts, Professional Counseling; Lindenwood University, St. Charles, MO
  63301; Dec. 1996. Bachelor of Science, Liberal Arts, Urban & Economic Geography
  Major; The University of Iowa; Iowa City, IA 52242; Dec. 1981. Spent 15 years
  working in financial services (stock brokerage and health insurance.)
Psychotherapy Approach:
                                 General Systems Theory; employing various
                                   Cognitive-Behavioral and Brief Therapy
                                   Techniques. Capable of alternating between
                                   supportive and confrontive styles, utilizing
                                   personal creativity, intuition and directness.

                                   Licensure: Licensed Professional Counselor;
                                   State of Missouri #CS002792.