
EBONY COX
1920 Meadowview Ct, Carrollton, TX 75010, 469-203-6341, Ebonycox321@gmail.com

 PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

 Dedicated Customer Service Representative motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to company
 success. Proven ability to establish rapport with clients and exceed sales quotas. Reliable and driven, with strong time
 management and prioritization abilities.

 SKILLS

    Product Sales                         Customer Inquires                      Sales Negotiation
    Customer Retention                    Product Promotion                      Computer Literacy
    Communication Skills                  Persuasion Techniques                  Building Relationships

 EXPERIENCE

 Retention Specialist                                                                         February 2021 - Current
 Siriusxm | Carrollton, TX
    Responds to inbound connected vehicle and land line calls from customers of one or more OEM programs.
    Handles incoming calls from customers regarding subscription status, renewal, cancellation with an objective to
    maximize subscriber retention.
    Responsible for up-selling and/or cross-selling of premium and/or multi-year service packages.
    Responsible for utilizing a sales-through-service approach in retaining customers wishing to cancel services.
    Familiarized customers on the benefits of products and services and explains how the recommendation will add value to
    the customer.

 Customer Service Representative                                                               October 2020 - Current
 PFSWeb | Dallas, Texas
    Processed refunds, exchanges, and company credits for customers facing issues such as incorrect orders and shipping
    delays.
    Investigated and resolved customer concerns related to order inquiries and delivery tracking.
    Protected customer and company information with strict use of established security procedures.
    Recaptured customer loyalty with expertise in de-escalating conflicts and building personalized solutions.
    Resolved customers' service or billing complaints by performing activities such as exchanging merchandise, refunding
    money, or adjusting bills.

 Customer Service Representative                                                             January 2015 - May 2015
 Sports N'Stuff | Ft. Worth, Texas
    Effectively managed a high-volume of inbound and outbound customer calls.
    Recommended, selected and helped locate and obtain out-of-stock product based on customer requests.


    Effectively communicated with and supported sales, marketing and administrative teams.
    Communicated with vendors regarding back order availability, future inventory and special orders.
    Answered an average of 70+ calls per day by addressing customer inquiries, solving problems and providing new product
    information.

 Leasing Agent                                                                            January 2012 - January 2014
 Realpage | Carrollton, Texas
    Successfully and accurately answering prospect questions and providing appropriate additional information regarding
    apartment communities, amenities and specific apartment homes.
    Enthusiastically engaging each caller and representing the community in a highly professional manner.
    Marketing the community and successfully gaining an appointment to visit the community.
    Respond rapidly and accurately to on-line requests for information from prospective residents.
    Helps apartment complexes achieve and maintain high occupancy rates.

 Collections Specialist                                                                   January 2010 - January 2012
 CMI Group | Carrollton, Texas
    Answer customer telephone calls regarding existing accounts.
    Make requested policy and account changes.
    Respond to questions and concerns about service, and escalate calls appropriately.
    Upgrade service and offer additional service packages or options.
    Consistently improve customer satisfaction through expert resolution of conflicts, issues, and concerns.


 EDUCATION

 Bachelor of Science                                                                                       May 2021
 University of Phoenix, Phoenix, Texas