
Harshitha
 Python Developer
 Email: harsheym1201@gmail.com
 Contact: 734-619-0716
 Current location: Frisco, TX
 LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/rama-m-b7128b229

 Professional Summary:
   *      10+ years of professional experience as a Python Developer, pro client coder in multiple
   languages and experience in Design, Development, Implementation of Python, Django, Flask, Pyramid
   and client - server technologies-based applications, RESTful services, AWS, C, C++, JAVA and SQL.
   *      Experienced in working with various stages of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Software
   Testing Life Cycle (STLC) and QA methodologies from project definition to post-deployment
   documentation.
   *      Experience with Design, code, debug operations, reporting, data analysis and Web Applications
   utilizing Python.
   *      Experienced in implementing Object Oriented Python, Hash Tables (Dictionaries) and
   Multithreading, Django, MYSQL, Exception Handling and Collections using Python.
   *      Worked with MVW frameworks like Django, Angular JS, HTML, CSS, XML, Java Script, jQuery, Bootstrap.
   *      Experience in writing JSON REST APIs using Golang.
   *      Strong experience of software development in Python (libraries used: libraries - Beautiful
   Soup, numpy, scipy, matplotlib, python-twitter, Pandas data frame, networkx, urllib2, MySQL dB
   for database connectivity) and IDEs - sublime text, Spyder, emacs.
   *      Hands-on experience working with various Relational Database Management Systems (RDBMS) like MySQL
   , Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle & nonrelational databases (NoSQL) like MongoDB and Cassandra.
   *      Experienced in developing Web Services with Python programming language - implementing JSON
   based RESTful and XML based SOAP web services.
   *      Experience in using Design Patterns such as MVC, Singleton and frameworks such as DJANGO,
   Ability in handling Django ORM (Object-Relational Mapper) and SQLAlchemy.
   *      Proficient in Python OpenStack API'S and GUI framework - Pyjamas (for web).
   *      Pycharm Proficient in performing Data analysis and Data Visualization using Python libraries.
   *      Scaling up projects using python tools like multithreading, celery.
   *      Experience in using Version Control Systems like GIT, SVN and CVS to keep the versions and
   configurations of the code organized.
   *      Experience in UNIX/Linux shell scripting for job scheduling, batch-job scheduling, automating
   batch programs, forking and cloning jobs.
   *      Exposure to CI/CD tools - Jenkins for Continuous Integration, Ansible for continuous
   deployment.
   *      Extensively worked on Hudson/Jenkins, Build Forge for continuous integration and for End to End
   automation for all build and deployments.
   *      Experienced with containerizing applications using Docker.
   *      Experience in maintaining and executing build scripts to automate development and production
   builds.
   *      Experience in Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud platform like EC2, Virtual private clouds (VPCs),
   Storage models (EBS, S3, instance storage), Elastic Load Balancers (ELBs).
   *      Experienced in developing API services in Python/Tornado, while leveraging AMQP and RabbitMQ
   for distributed architectures.
   *      Experience in developing ColdFusion Components, custom tags and modified CF Objects.
   *      Experience with Unit testing/ Test driven Development (TDD), Load Testing.
   *      Experienced in building tools such as ANT, Apache MAVEN, and JENKINS.
   *      Experience in deploying applications in heterogeneous Application Servers TOMCAT, Web Logic and
   Oracle Application Server.
   *      Good Experience on testing tools like JIRA and Bugzilla for bug tracking.
   *      Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, efficient time management and organization
   skills, ability to handle multiple tasks and work well in team environment.
   *      Experienced in WAMP (Windows, Apache, MYSQL, and Python/PHP) and LAMP (Linux, Apache, MySQL,
   and Python/PHP) Architecture.
   *      Experienced in installing, configuring, modifying, testing, and deploying applications with
   Apache.
   *      Understanding of Python Best Practices (PEP-8).
   *      Well versed with design and development of presentation layer for web applications using
   technologies like HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
   *      Worked on SQL and PL/SQL stored procedures which are used to create access to data and deployed
   them to Oracle and SQL server databases.
   *      Familiar with JSON based REST Web services and Amazon Web Services (AWS).
   *      Experienced in developing Web Services with Python programming language.

 Technical Skills:
 Languages:     Python, C, C++, Shell Script, Java, PHP, PL/SQL, Ruby
 Version Controls:     GIT, GitHub, SVN, CVS
 Web Technologies:    JavaScript, HTML, CSS, JQuery, AngularJS, ExtJS, Node JS, React JS, JSON and bootstrap.
 Frameworks:     Django, Flask, Pyramid
 Web Services:     Soap, Apache Axis, Restful
 Bigdata Technologies:     Hadoop, Hive, Pig, Spark
 Cloud:     AWS, Openstack
 Databases:    PostgreSQL, MySQL, MariaDB, Oracle 8i/9i/10g, MS Access, SQL Server, Sybase,SQLite,SQL Alchemy
 Operating Systems:     Linux, Windows, IOS, MAC OSX
 NoSQL Databases:     Mongo DB, Redis, Cassandra
 Protocols:     TCP/IP, HTTP/HTTPS, SMTP


 Professional Experience:

 Client: McKesson - Irving, Texas                                          Jan 2020 - Till Date
 Python Developer

 Responsibilities:
   *      Gathering requirements and translating the Business details into Technical design.
   *      Participated in all the stages of software development lifecycle (SDLC)like design, testing
   development and implementation.
   *      Developed entire frontend and backend modules using Python on Django Web Framework by
   implementing MVC architecture.
   *      Developed the tools using Python Django and used MongoDB for databases. Parsers written in
   Python for extracting useful data from the design data base. Used Parse kit (Enigma.io) framework
   for writing Parsers for ETL extraction.
   *      Implemented responsive user interface and standards throughout the development and maintenance
   of the website using the HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, jQuery.
   *      Extensively worked with spark Data frames for ingesting data from flat files into RDD's to
   transform unstructured data and structured data.
   *      Worked on MongoDB database concepts such as locking, transactions, indexes, Sharding,
   replication, schema design.
   *      Experience in creating Docker containers leveraging existing Linux Containers and AMI's in
   addition to creating Docker containers from scratch.
   *      Setup Docker on Linux and configured Jenkins to run under Docker host.
   *      Developed various API's for Django applications using Django-tasty pie.
   *      Used JIRA to build an environment for development.
   *      Developed Wrapper in Python for instantiating multi-threaded application.
   *      Creating RESTful web services for Catalog and Pricing with Django MVT, MySQL, and MongoDB.
   *      Fixed bugs, providing production support, enhanced applications by improving code reuse and
   performance by making effective use of various design patterns.
   *      Deployed and monitored scalable infrastructure on Amazon web services (AWS).
   *      Implemented monitoring and established best practices around using Elastic search and used AWS
   Lambda to run code without managing servers.
   *      Front-end web development using HTML/CSS, JQuery, Bootstrap as well as back-end development
   using Golang and SQL.
   *      Used Python based GUI components for the front-end functionality such as selection criteria.
   Administration of dedicated collocated RHEL 4 machine and configured complex Apache configuration
   files.
   *      Experienced in building a Command line tool to interact with RESTful API using in Golang.
   *      Familiar with UNIX / Linux internals, basic cryptography & security.
   *      Generated graphical reports using python package Numpy and Matplotlib.
   *      Implemented task object to interface with data feed framework and invoke database message
   service setup and update functionality.
   *      Performed efficient delivery of code based on principles of Test Driven Development (TDD) and
   continuous integration to keep in line with Agile Software Methodology principles.

Environment: Python 3.4/2.7, Django 1.7, CherryPy, Golang, HTML5, CSS, Bootstrap, JSON, JavaScript,
AJAX, RESTful web service, MongoDB, MySQL, jQuery SQLite, Elastic search, Docker, Windows 12 Server,
AWS (EC2, S3), PyUnit, Jenkins, Selenium Automation Testing.

 Infosys Ltd Client: Mckesson AG                                          Jun 2018 - Dec 2019
 Title: Sr Python Developer

 Responsibilities:
   *      Analysis and Design of applications.
   *      Developed and tested many features for dashboard using Python, Django and JavaScript.
   *      Worked with millions of database records daily, finding common errors and bad data patterns and
   fixing them.
   *      Designed and developed ETL APIs which will automate the data mining in different database
   sources.
   *      Exported/Imported data between different data sources using SQL Server Management Studio.
   *      Maintained program libraries, user's manuals and technical documentation.
   *      Managed large datasets using Panda data frames and MySQL.
   *      Wrote and executed various MySQL database queries from python using Python-MySQL connector and
   MySQL dB package.
   *      Hands-on experience in writing and reviewing requirements, architecture documents, test plans,
   design documents, quality analysis and audits.
   *      Setting up databases in AWS using RDS and configuring instance backups to S3 bucket
   *      Work closely with development teams to integrate their projects into the production AWS
   environment and ensure their ongoing support.
   *      Performed troubleshooting, fixed and deployed many Python bug fixes of the two main
   applications that are main source of data for both customers and internal customer service team.
   *      Used Go Lang to create backend servers. Developed Micro services using Go language and
   developed corresponding test cases
   *      Contributed source code in Golang to developing an automation framework for AWS CFN.
   *      Created PDF reports using Golang and XML documents to send it to all customers at the end of
   month with international language support.
   *      Taken part in entire life cycle of the projects including Design, Development, and Deployment,
   Testing and Implementation and support.
   *      Implemented a continuous Delivery Pipeline with Jenkins and GitHub to build a new Docker
   container automatically
   *      Used Docker to implement a high-level API to provide lightweight containers that run processes
   isolation and worked on creation of customized Docker container images, tagged and pushed the
   images to the Docker repository.
   *      Worked in development of applications especially in UNIX environment and familiar with all of
   its commands.
   *      Refactored existing project to make it more RESTful and thread-safe.
   *      Developed Golang API and chat-bot using TDD to automate software deployments and rollbacks
   *      Designed RESTful XML web service for handling AJAX requests.
   *      Created project designs utilizing MVC architecture components.

Environment: Python, Django, GoLang, HTML5/CSS, UNIX, MS SQL Server 2013, AWS, T-SQL, Reports,
JavaScript, Eclipse, Linux, Shell Scripting, Restful, MVC3.

 IBM: Newcrest Mining                                                May 2013 - Jun 2018
 Title: Python Developer

 Responsibilities:
   *      Participated in requirement gathering and analysis phase of the project in documenting the
   business requirements by conducting workshops/meetings with various business users.
   *      Used the Django Framework to develop the application.
   *      Implemented web applications in Flask and spring frameworks following MVC architecture.
   *      Used Python to place data into JSON files for testing Django Websites.
   *      Updated and manipulated content and files by using python scripts.
   *      Organized Python code using PEP8 online tool including documentation of scripts.
   *      Implemented web applications in Flask and spring frameworks following MVC architecture.
   *      Installing, configuring and upgrading EMC Power-path for AIX servers.
   *      Used Django configuration to manage URLs and application parameters.
   *      Wrote Automation test cases using Selenium WebDriver using Python API.
   *      Sole engineer responsible for automated test design, frontend and backend feature
   implementation, and any other improvements to the test automation framework.
   *      Designed and implemented a distributed, QA infrastructure for automated testing of a multi
   process software product.
   *      Abided by PEP8 Python coding standard for Squish scripts.
   *      Worked on Amazon Web Services (AWS) infrastructure with automation and configuration management
   tools such as Chef and Puppet.
   *      Worked on Python Open stack API's.
   *      Wrote Automation test cases using Selenium WebDriver using Python API.
   *      Installed Veritas Cluster Server on Solaris, with Oracle agent.
   *      Used Python scripts to update content in the database and manipulate files.
   *      Generated Python Django Forms to record data of online users
   *      Used Python and Django creating graphics, XML processing, data exchange and business logic
   implementation
   *      Used Pandas API to put the data as time series and tabular format for east timestamp data
   manipulation and retrieval.
   *      Used Flask to connect front-end to back-end, CherryPy to build the server and word clouds to
   visualize movies.
   *      Used latest Video Conference Applications and worked extensively on them.
   *      Data mapping, logical data modeling, created class diagrams and ER diagrams and used SQL
   queries to filter data within the Oracle database.
   *      Performed daily administration functions, including database management, monitoring,
   performance tuning, backup & recovery and also general troubleshooting on multiple UNIX platforms
   and Windows Servers.
   *      Added support for Amazon AWS S3 and RDS to host static/media files and the database into Amazon
   Cloud.
   *      Developed tools using Python, Shell scripting, XML to automate some of the menial tasks.
   *      Used HTML, CSS, JQuery, JSON and JavaScript for front end applications.
   *      Designed and developed the UI of the website using HTML, XHTML, AJAX, CSS, and JavaScript.
   *      Also, used Bootstrap as a mechanism to manage and organize the html page layout.
   *      Used Django configuration to manage URLs and application parameters.
   *      Built various graphs for business decision making using Pythonmatplotlib library.
   *      Wrote and executed various MYSQL database queries from Python using Python-MySQL connector and
   MySQL dB package.
   *      Worked with PIP in managing software packages written in Python.
   *      Involved in development of Web Services using SOAP for sending and getting data from the
   external interface in the XML format.
   *      Manage, collaborate, and coordinate the work of an offshore development team.
   *      Worked on rebranding the existing web pages to clients per the type of deployment.
   *      Worked on updating the existing clip board to have the new features as per the client
   requirements.
   *      Responsible for debugging the project monitored on JIRA (Agile)
   *      Analyzed performance test requirements and developed test plans and have done debugging to
   understand test objective requirements.
   *      Performed troubleshooting, fixed and deployed many Python bug fixes of the two main
   applications that were a main source of data for both customers and internal customer service
   team.

Environment: Python, Amazon AWS S3, MySQL, HTML, Python 2.7, Django 1.4, HTML5, CSS, XML, MySQL, MS
SQL Server, JavaScript, AWS, Linux, Shell Scripting, AJAX.

 IBM India Pvt Ltd Client: Suncor Energy                                    May 2011 - Apr 2013
 Title: Python Developer

 Responsibilities:
   *      Developed Python Django forms to record data and the Login module page for users.
   *      Designed email marketing campaigns and created interactive forms that saved data into database
   using Django Framework.
   *      Developed the automated process for processing the payer acknowledgements that helped in
   resubmitting the medical claims automatically using PERL and DBI modules.
   *      Worked on Technologies: QT, JAVASCRIPT, QML, and unit test, C++, QNX, UML API, JavaScript and
   Json.
   *      Used collections in Python for manipulating and looping through different your defined objects
   and worked in Test driven development with Behave in Python.
   *      Also have rich experience on testing REST Full API like Facebook and Twitter.
   *      Wrote Python routines to log into the websites and fetch data for selected options.
   *      Improving the performance while processing data by modifying functions, queries, cursors,
   triggers and stored procedures for MySQL database.
   *      Extracted data from XML files using PERL -XML modules.
   *      Developed the consumer-friendly front-end with an easy-to-use API UI and fast access RESTFUL.
   *      Worked with JSON based REST Web services.
   *      Use of API, Open NLP & Stanford NLP for Natural Language Processing and sentiment analysis.
   *      Embedded AJAX in UI to update small portions of the web page avoiding the need to reload the
   entire page.
   *      Developed views and templates with python and Django's view controller and Templating language
   to create a user-friendly website interface.
   *      Used Amazon Web Services (AWS) for improved efficiency of storage and fast access.
   *      Added support for Amazon AWS S3 and RDS to host static/media files and the database into Amazon
   Cloud.
   *      Participated in the complete SDLC process and used PHP to develop website functionality.
   *      Designed and developed the UI of the website using HTML, XHTML, AJAX, and unit test, GCP CSS,
   JAVASCRIPT and JavaScript.
   *      Developed entire frontend and backend modules using python on Django Web Framework.
   *      Designed and developed data management system using MySQL.
   *      Used Django APIs for database access and built application logic using python.
   *      Provided GUI utilizing PyQt for the end user to create, modify and view reports based on client
   data.
   *      Used python to extract information from XML files.
   *      Expertise in Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) and its related technologies like Web
   Services, BPEL, WSDLs , AWS, SOAP, API, XML, XSD, XSLT etc.
   *      Worked on development of SQL and stored procedures on MYSQL and designed Cassandra schema for
   the APIs.
   *      Designed and developed a horizontally APIble APIs using python Flask and implemented monitoring
   and established best practices around using elastic search.

Environment: Python, Django, API, Behave, Puppet Rspec, Jenkins, unit test, Grafana Graphite, MySQL,
Linux, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, RDS JQuery, API, AWS, JavaScript, GCP, Apache, Linux, Git, C++, API,
SOAP, RESTFUL, REST, Perl, Cassandra, Azure Automation cloud services.

 Education
   *      B.Tech in CS - JNTU University.