

Ifeanyi

Balogun

Project Manager


Contact

Address
Arlington, TX, 76012

Phone
(682) 561-9657

E-mail
Ifeanbalogun@gmail.com

Resourceful Project Manager with years of expertise in organizing

business operations, financial oversight, and resource management to
achieve smooth flow and project operations. Leads procurement of
resources including equipment and supplies. Monitors projects by
adhering to production schedule and budget, managing production

team, identifying problems, and providing targeted solutions.
Knowledgeable in accounting principles, bookkeeping, budget, and
financial management. Focused Project Manager adept at planning,
directing, and maintaining continuous operations in various
departments. Experienced in directing manufacturing employees and
keeping efficient production in accordance with quality standards.
Applying a creative and analytical approach to operations for
continuous process improvement. Skilled at identifying or anticipating
problems and providing solutions. Excels through mentoring, training,
and empowering team to excel in performance.


Skills

Project planning and
development

Advanced problem solving

Budget administration

Project Management

Team Bonding

Project estimation and
bidding

Advanced understanding of
Asana,JIRA,Trello,Mircosoft
project

Agile / Waterfall
Methodologies

Advanced understanding of
Scrum

Proficient in Excel/MS
Office,WordPress,SQL
,Business writing

Work History

2022-03 -         Project Manager
Current           Bohm Technologies,Flower Mound, TX

                     Maintained clear communication with precise
                     technical writing to document and inform critical
                     processes.
                     Maintained compliance with regulatory parameters
                     in complex projects with overlapping policies.
                     Achieved project deadlines by coordinating with
                     contractors to manage performance.
                     Accelerated progress by continually reviewing

                     performance, budgets, and project timelines.
                     Planned, designed, and scheduled phases for large
                     projects.

2021-05 -         Project Management Apprenticeship
2022-01           Program

                  Google,Austin, TX
                     Maintained relationships with material vendors to
                     lower costs and diversify capabilities.
                     Updated operational methods and oversaw
                     accounting procedures for improved efficiency.
                     Developed and initiated projects, managed costs
                     and monitored performance.


Advanced understanding of
Salesforce

Advanced understanding of
Project scope

Software Development
Lifecycle

Leadership and
Organization skills

Startups and turnarounds
background

                     Met project deadlines without sacrificing build
                     quality or workplace safety.
                     Provided detailed product orders based on project
                     drawings and technical specifications.
                     Maintained clear communication with precise
                     technical writing to document and inform critical
                     processes.
                     Orchestrated projects within strict timeframes and
                     budget constraints by solving complex problems
                     and working closely with senior leaders.
                     Identified plans and resources required to meet
                     project goals and objectives.
                     Drove team success through shared vision and
                     recognition of quality performance.

2020-03 -         Food Delivery Driver
2020-09           DoorDash,Dallas, TX

                     Planned optimal routes to deliver multiple orders per
                     trip and achieve strong performance ratings.
                     Kept delivery vehicle clean and neat to maintain
                     the company's professional reputation.
                     Met promised delivery times consistently by using
                     GPS software to spot and avoid traffic delays.
                     Logged hours, mileage, and order-related activities
                     with the company's app to maintain detailed
                     records.
                     ALL DURING COVID PERIOD.

2019-07 -         Marketing Associate
2020-02           Charity Advertising & Marketing CAM,Dallas, TX

                     Developed pre-season marketing plans to support
                     department and divisional product strategies.
                     Worked closely with product development teams to
                     create and maintain marketing materials for sales
                     presentations and client meetings.
                     Provided analytical support and monitored data
                     quality by interpreting and summarizing data and
                     trends.
                     Performed ongoing analysis to develop and
                     advance future marketing strategies.
                     Managed social media projects to build a
                     reputation and obtain new traffic.

                     Developed and implemented international sales
                     strategies.

2018-06 -         Customer Service Representative
2019-12           2 Men And A Truck,Dallas, TX

                     Maintained customer satisfaction with forwardthinking
                     strategies focused on addressing customer
                     needs and resolving concerns.
                     Provided primary customer support to internal and
                     external customers.
                     Collected and analyzed customer information to
                     prepare product or service reports.
                     Answered customer telephone calls promptly to
                     avoid on-hold wait times.
                     Used company troubleshooting resolution tree to
                     evaluate technical problems and find appropriate
                     solutions.

2017-11 -         Event Coordinator
2018-05           Diamond Decor,Dallas, TX

                     Coordinated florists, photographers, and musicians
                     during events.
                     Reviewed event bills to confirm the accuracy and
                     approve the payment.
                     Created and maintained event expenditures,
                     budgets, and timelines in job-related software.
                     Managed administrative logistics of events planning,
                     event booking, and event promotions.
                     Interviewed clients to understand event scopes of
                     work, establish budgets and determine timelines for
                     venue selection, guest list finalization and rehearsal,
                     ceremonies, and receptions.

2017-07 -         Dietary Assistant
2018-01           Arlington Villa Retirement And Nursing Community,

                  New Lifestyles Media Solutions,Arlington, Texas
                     Set up and prepared cooking supplies and
                     workstations during opening and closing to maximize
                     productivity.
                     Served meals to residents in accordance with
                     established schedules and dietary procedures.
                     Assisted in maintaining dry storage areas and




                     handling unpacking, dating, and rotating of food
                     and non-food supplies as directed.
                     Delivered nourishment and supplements to nurse
                     stations for distribution to specific residents.


Education

2014-08 -         High School Diploma
2017-06           Arlington High School - Arlington, TX

2017-08 -         Associate of Arts
2019-12           Concordia University At Austin - Austin, TX


2019-12 -         Bachelor of Business Administration:
2022-06           Business Administration

                  The University of Texas At Arlington - Arlington, TX


Certifications


                  PMI-PMP - Project Management Professional

                  Google Project Management: Professional Certificate

