
CHERI L. GAINER
29 Jeffery Lane
Haverhill, MA 01832


*978} 373-7221
cgainer77@yahoo.com



ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT / CUSTOMER SERVICE / BASIC ACCOUNTING

Ambitious and goal-oriented individual with a strong work ethic and drive for
success. Motivated self-starter with precise attention to detail, extreme
accuracy, quick learning capabilities, and always able to think outside the box.
Bright, energetic, and reliable with a strong desire to learn and advance in the
work force.


Areas of Proficiency

Data Entry
Customer Service
Accounting
Typing 60 - 65 w.p.m.
Shipping / Receiving
Invoicing
Order Processing
Client Correspondence
Multi - Line Switchboard
Microsoft Great Plains
Access
Windows XP
Excel
Microsoft Office
Word / Word Perfect
Citrix
Oracle / PeopleSoft
Lotus Notes

Professional Experience

TOOL TECHNOLOGY, INC., - Danvers, MA
Administrative Assistant, Jan. - 1990 to Present
Answer multi-line telephone system with intercom, filing, faxing, data entry,
client correspondence, customer service, order processing, general bookkeeping,
and accounting.


CERIDA INVESTMENT CORPORATION, - Methuen, MA
Executive Assistant, Feb. - 2002 to March - 2004
Daily processing of all orders including international clients all subcontracted
by CambridgeSoft Corporation (chemistry software); mail distribution, creating
*GenInfo Packets? for inquiring clientele; shipping and tracking outgoing
packages, bulk mailings, creating and maintaining monthly reports, financial
statements in Excel spreadsheet form, expediting of daily invoices, accounts
receivable, and customer service and support.


TRUGREEN CHEMLAWN, - North Andover, MA
Dispatch and Data Entry, May - 2001 to Jan. - 2002
Scheduled daily route for lawn technicians, data entry, and updating of DOS
system on a daily basis. Arranging and printing individual schedules and
invoices, filing and organization of completed client services at close of each
day.

OFFICE SPECIALISTS - Methuen, MA
Temporary Contract Employment, Feb. - 1999 to Dec. - 1999

CAMBRIDGE ISOTOPE LABS - Office Assistant
Reorganization and updating of complete filing system, and other general
administrative duties, including faxing, copying, collating, etc.

HAVERHILL GAZETTE - Front Desk Receptionist
Complete responsibility for Multi-line telephone system and switchboard; customer
service, greeting clients, proof-reading Editors articles for weekly publication;
several other administrative and clerical tasks.

HOUGHTON-MIFFLIN BOOK PUBLISHING COMPANY - Customer Service Representative
Multifaceted position involving a wide variety of responsibilities including:
receiving, processing, researching and filling of orders within College Division;
customer dealings via telephone, including private parties, corporations, retail
book stores and students; up-selling minor orders into larger bulk orders, etc.


UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE - Boston, MA & Nashua, NH
Seasonal Mail Handler and Clerk, Dec. 2004, Aug. 1997, & Dec. 1996 & 1995
Handling of bulk mail; loading cargo containers onto commercial airliners;
sorting parcels and mail according to country, state, county, city, and zip
codes; operating conveyer belts, coding and printing of shipping and airline
ticket labels; maneuvering pallets throughout warehouse using hand-operated
forklift machinery.


Education

Beverly High School
Class of 1995

References

Michelle MacDonald - Haverhill, MA (978) 556-5005
Judy Rohdan - Bradford, MA (978) 994-8423