

Richard Stellmacher
7929 S HWY 26
Valley Springs, CA 95252


209 747-6516 10-10-2022


LETTER OF INTRODUCTION

      Please accept this letter and accompanying resume as my formal introduction.

      I am a senior construction superintendent, any difficulty, I have done them all. I have been
involved in the complete workings of major multimillion-dollar multifamily developments, and single
family homes. I have worked from the buying of bare land, through development of numerous projects,
through their completion.
      I am presently working for Investment Concepts Inc. on a Novato, CA 48 High end apartment unit
retirement complex. I am working on a project that is on an infill lot with many building issues. I
have brought the project out of a difficult finish into a timely finish. There were problems with
finding talented craftsmen to bid the project, there were problems with timing, I am managing all
the problems and will be finishing in a timely manner. I make a 6 figure income, plus apartment (I
don't live near Novato), and gas, full benefits, and incidentals. Relocation is an option.
2010 -2018 Because of construction slow down, I was Simi retired and became an independent advisor
for hire to prospective owner builders, remodelers and spec builders.
Using my knowledge I worked in the Land Division as an estimator and contract manager of
infrastructure. I completed all of the bidding of the projects through final contracts with the
subcontractors. The projects ranged from $100,000,000.00 to 350,000,000.00 million, both residential
and commercial. They included excavating 6 million cubic yards in Pittsburg for a school, and
multi-family and single-family residential homes, called Oak Pittsburg Gardens, in Pittsburg, CA a
residential project in Concord, and a full strip mall, including the car dealership and restaurants.
      I am very experienced in both off-site and on-site construction and all types of structures
from Commercial projects, large office buildings, schools, and restaurants, single and multi-family
dwellings. I am a detail-oriented person. I can run multiple projects at one time. I bring my
projects in on time, and within or under the budget. Because of my expertise in scheduling.
      In my many years of construction I have put many projects together from start to finish. I
have been a President, vice-president, Consultant, Estimator and Contracts administer, Project
Manager and Superintendent. My favorite job is Superintendent, it gets me outside more and in the
middle of the "build"
      I can get problem areas through City Hall in record time and am able to keep sub-contractors
on schedule even when serious situations arise with scheduling, ordering, money or any other
complications.
      Every project is created, using a team of Engineers, Architects, Owners, and construction
crews, (etc.). My job has been to organize and lead these individuals to a finished project. I have
35+ years of hands on construction, both field and office. I can assist the design teams and follow
through to completion. I have computer experience with multiple programs. I am efficient with
e-mail.



RICHARD A. STELLMACHER
7929 HWY 26.
Valley Springs, CA 35240
Stellmcher101@yahoo.com
(209) 747-6516
_____________________________________________________________________

      Qualification summary:

EXPERIENCED IN CONSTRUCTION, ON-SITE AND OFF-SITE

*Have built to completion many subdivisions from $ 5 M to $350 M from
      start to completion, which includes off-site and on-site underground
utilities, and on-site vertical construction consisting of residential
homes, condominiums, and apartments, commercial buildings and
strip malls.

      *Superintendent on five (5) off-site projects, grading, storm,
sewer, water, joint trench, sidewalk, curb and gutter, paved,
and county sign offs for completion.

      *Directly supervised as Superintendent, at one time, Five full projects.

      *Build from raw land to completion large buildings, warehouses including
      both single and multistory, out of steel, concrete and/or wood.

      *Easily able to coordinate all aspects of a project from raw land, to the
finished product.

      *Known as a troubleshooter, works as a team player.

      *Brings in jobs on time and many times early.

      *Working on the Computer with Excel and Word plus other programs for whatever is needed.




Investment Concepts Inc.
2018 to 2021


Working full time for Investment Concepts Inc. on Novato Village, a 48-unit high end retirement
complex in Novato, Calif. I make $10,500 per month, and full benefits, gas and truck. I reside in
Valley Springs, Calif. The Company provides me with an apartment near the project. Relocation is, of
course, optional. The Company I work for is out of Orange, Calif. My boss is the President of the
Company, George Mobaed
714-283-5800


Stellmacher Construction & Dev. Inc.
2014 -2017

Because of construction slow down, I Simi retired and became an independent advisor for hire to
perspective owner-builders, remodelers and spec builders. Using my expertise, I helped the client
with subcontractors, bidding, writing contracts, and helping with the build outs.


Stellmacher Construction & Dev. Inc.
2007-2014
Shadow brook Estates -

I designed a 495 single family residence for a senior estate living sub-division, designed like a
destination resort, for Manteca. This Sub-division was designed to be Solar, the homes would have
computers and be "smart homes", and "green" recycled.
Insulating, drywall roofing, etc. for an advanced housing subdivision aimed for the future. That
included the Club House - recreation facility, stores, spa and restaurants. This project has been
put on hold indefinitely and backers lost, because of the economy.


Stellmacher Construction & Dev. Inc.
2001-2007

I decided to put my expertise in the construction field to use in my own behalf. I bought and
develop land for 6 custom homes. I took 23 acres and took it through the county to final map. I have
developed a gated custom home sub-division with underground utilities. These homes were all sold in
the 1-million-dollar category each. Building them under my Contractors license from 2001 until 2007,
one a year. All custom homes over 5000 Sq. Ft.




May 2000 - November 2001

ALBERT D. SEENO CONSTRUCTION COMPANY            4021 Port Chicago Highway                                                            Concord, CA 945524

Estimator / Contracts / Consultant.

Working in the land division as Senior Estimator and Contracts Manager. After receiving the plans
from the Architect, I do a complete takeoff, and breakdown. Using quantities of each operation of
the infrastructure, i.e., rough grading, including slides, and hidden dirt. Quantities for finish
grading, including finished lots, and hinge point to hinge point for streets, sidewalk, curb and
gutter, storm, sewer, water, joint trench, including PG&E plans, and job instructions, rock and
paving with finished sections for a complete bid package. I put a bid package together and send to
qualified contractors. Bids come in, and I do a full spread sheet, making sure all bidders used my
quantities to make all bids equal, except unit prices, I pick the winning contractor, negotiate the
price as low as I can, write the contract, and give it to Mr. Seeno for final approval. Send it to
the winning contractor for signature, with start date. Then work with outside superintendent to
insure all goes as per plan. I also work with the forward planners and project managers to insure
all aspects of the projects are covered, i.e. Wetland mitigation's, Fish and game, Army corp. of
Engineers, lot sizes for housing, city or county regulations for tree removal, and zoning problems.
Making sure the team covers all of the bases.


PACIFIC UNION HOMES                                    Jeff Abramson
March 1998 - May 2000                                    675 Harts Rd
                                                      Danville, CA. 9
Senior Superintendent

48 high-end single family lots in Santa Cruz, (800K+ea.), 38 hillside lots in Petaluma, 36 hillside
lots in Danville, 28 Hillside lots in Mill Valley, 122 single family lots in Fremont, and 1200
single family lots, commercial, schools, and parks in Tracy, California.

April 1996 - October 1997
D AND K CONSTRUCTION
Napa, CA

*Project Manager \ Underground Superintendent

Managed 2 full projects in San Francisco, and El Sobrante, CA. From off-site - on site and building
structures including project design, working with Architects and Engineers. Full charge of off-site
construction, sewer, storm, water, and joint trench utilities, grading through paved streets. Site
preparation for 68 Hillside semi-custom homes, $2,350,000.00 range, a gas station and fast food
restaurant. This was a major slide area in El Serrate. Excavating of slide was needed to install a
full
Drain field. Engineered, refill, and compaction, replaced entire hill. San Francisco project has its
own set of unique problems dealing with the City agencies (it is an experience in itself)
1994-1996
Presley Homes
8000 Clayton Road
Clayton, CA 94517

*Project Manager \ Underground Superintendent

Was Superintendent \ Project Manager on seven (7) subdivisions.
Grading, storm, sewer, water, joint trench, sidewalk, curb and gutter, and road paving.
Finished out the Oakhurst Golf Course, club house and restaurant and repaired the rain damaged
slides and underground utilities.
Handled off-sites plus working as the Projects Manager.
----------


October 1990 - 1994
T.M.I. Development
P.O. Box 888                                                      Dick Placemen
Rancho Marietta, CA 95863                                          President



Scott and Ball Construction
On-site and Off-sites Superintendent
1981 - 1989                                                      Scott Co. Lou Scott
2936 Mt. Diablo Blvd                                                President
Walnut Creek, CA 95246

*Project Manager / General Superintendent
Underground through finish on multiple projects

      -283,000 sq. Ft. Safeway distribution warehouse in East Sacramento
      *Junior High School in Lafayette. CA.
      -32 store strip mall in San Jose
      All came in on time or sooner
      All came in on budget or under




1979 - 1980
The Desco Group
3685 Mt. Diablo Blvd. Suite 300
Lafayette, CA 94549
Project Construction Manager / Building Superintendent

.- 48 Tract Homes
- 388 Unit Condo Project, Modesto CA
- 46 Tract Homes in Turlock CA
- 36 Tract Homes in Patterson
- 24 Tract Homes in Modesto
- 47 Tract Homes in Turlock
      Redding was built out, had to work in the Bay Area and couldn't compete with the
      large companies.
----------
EDUCATION:
Computer: New Horizons: Intermediate Windows 2000
                  Intermediate Word
                  Intermediate Excel
College: Equivalent of Construction Management Degree
San Diego State - Construction Management classes until hired as a Project Manager for Heath Inc.
San Diego, CA





