


Nithin Chowdary
Ph :496-202-4131
Salesforce Developer

Professional Summary:
*      Over 8+Years of Salesforce.com and CRM Platform and Apex technologies.
*      Experience in working with Salesforce developer toolkit (Apex, Visualforce, force.com IDE, SOQL
and Web Services/ Metadata API).
*      Good knowledge on Apex development in creating Objects, Triggers, Apex Classes, Standard
Controllers, Custom Controllers and Controller Extensions.
*      Defining and managing custom Objects, creating page layouts, developing fieldvalidations, campaign
Management, formulas and workflow rules using Salesforce.com and Eclipse IDE.
*      Extensive work experience on designing of custom fields, role based page layouts, custom Tabs,
custom reports, report folders, report extractions to various formats, design of Visualforce Pages,
Snapshots, Dashboards, Apex Classes, Controllers & Triggers, and various other components as per the
client and application requirements.
*      Experienced in creating and activating the Marketing Campaigns in Salesforce.com.
*      Experience in implementing JavaScript, Jquery, and CSS for both Visual force pages and lightning
components using Salesforce Lightning design system and AURA tags.
*      Experience in Force.com Apex Classes, Apex triggers, Visual Force, Batch Apex, Integration, REST,
SOAP based Web Services, Force.com API, SOQL and SOSL, and AppExchange.
*      Experience in SFDC Administrative tasks like creating Profiles, Permission Sets, Roles, Users,
Record Types, Email Services, Reports, Dashboards, Tasks and Actions.
*      Hands on experience implementing Role Hierarchies, Sharing Rules and OWD settings for system
security design.
*      Ability to efficiently analyze and interpret data usingSalesforce and Well versed in
Administration setup such as manage users and data management.
*      Implementation experience on using Apex Language (Classes, Controllers & Triggers), VisualForce
pages, Custom Apps, Custom tabs, Custom Objects, Custom Fields, relationships, Page layouts,
validations, workflow rules, S-Controls, Reports, Analytical Snapshots and Dashboards.
*      Experience in working with Agile methodology/ Scrum and SDLC.
*      Hands on experience implementing Security/Sharing rules, configured Permission Sets, Field level
Security, Record level Security, Profiles, Roles and resource monitoring at different hierarchical
level of Organization.
*      Accurate in setting the appropriate workflow and validation rules on the given data.
*      Automated Business processes through Visual workflows and process builders.
*      Good understanding ofSalesforce setup menu, Configuration, custom application development,
administration and deployment of applications to Force.com platform.
*      Good Experience in building Custom Applications that includes administration, configuration,
implementation and support experience onSalesforce.com and Force.com.
*      Extensive experience in designing of custom objects, custom fields, Pick-list, Page layouts,
Workflows, custom Tabs, reports, design of Visual Force Pages, Dashboards, and Email generation
according to application requirements.
*      Proficiency in analyzing business requirements, entity relationships and converting them toSalesforce
 custom objects, object relationships, Entity relationship data model, Pages, Classes, Interfaces,
Workflow rules, Email Alerts.
*      Understanding and functionality of Web Services for SOAP API and REST API.
*      Experience in using the sandbox for testing and migrated the code to the deployment instance after
testing.
*      Good exposure on Design Patterns (Creational, Structural and Behavioral).
*      Extensive experience in developing enterprise applications using Java and J2EE technologies such
as JSP, Servlets, Tiles, Struts, Spring, XML, XSL, HTML, JavaScript, JDBC and CSS.
*      Good exposure to RDBMS, SQL and PL/SQL, writing SQLscripts for efficient report generation.
*      Experienced in full life cycle application development from requirements gathering and design to UAT
 (User Acceptance Testing).
*      Highly organized and dedicated with a positive attitude, capable of producing results immediately
on hire.
*      Customer centric with effective interpersonal, organizational and problem solving skills.

Technical Skills:
Salesforce Technologies    Apex Language, Apex Trigger, Apex Scheduler, Batch Apex, Apex Class & Apex Web Service, Partner WSDL
& Enterprise WSDL and Visualforce (Page, Component & Controllers).
Custom Integration
Outbound Messages, Workflow & Approvals, Field updates, Reports, Custom Objects, Custom settings,
Custom labels & Tabs, Email Services, Role Hierarchy, Dashboards, Security Controls, AppExchange
Package & Custom Application & Sandbox data loading.

Force.com tools    Apex Data loader, Force.com Apex Explorer, AJAX tool kit, Force.com Migration Tool, Force.com Excel
connector and Force.com Eclipse IDE Plug-in
Programming Languages    Java, C, C++, VB, APEX and UML
Java/J2EE/Web Technologies    J2EE, JSP, JDBC, RMI, Applet, Java Script, XML, XSLT, DTD, XML Schema, HTML, DHTML, Shell Scripts
and Web service
Database    MS SQL Server and MySQL
IDE    Eclipse, My Eclipse and Force.com Eclipse IDE plug-in



Professional Work Experience:

Safeway, Pleasanton, CA                              Jun 2019 - Till Now
Sr. Salesforce Developer/Admin
Responsibilities:
*      Worked with Business System Analyst to provide recommendation and designed the Best Solutions for
implementing new business ideas.
*      Development, implementation and update focusing on Sales cloud and Service cloud.
*      Implementation of Apex Triggers, Apex Class for automation of the business process on Account, Contact
, Opportunity and Custom Objects.
*      Implementation of Batch Classes, Scheduled Classes as part of the Business Requirement.
*      Wrote an Apex Trigger on Contact for cross-object field update for reporting purposes.
*      Enhanced Apex Class and Visual Force Page to create a custom Related List, showing activities for
selected contacts or clients.
*      Integrated Salesforce.com with external systems like Oracle and SAP using SOAP API and REST API.
*      Visual Force Pages using Standard Controllers, Custom Controllers, Extension Controllers & Web
Services API.
*      Creating new User Interface using JavaScript, HTML and CSS in Visual Force Pages.
*      Created Page Layouts to organize Fields, Custom Links, Related Lists & other Components on Record
Pages.
*      As an Administrator implemented various advanced fields like Picklist Fields, Master-Detail Fields
, and Custom Formula Fields and defined Field Dependencies for Custom Picklist Fields.
*      Worked on various Salesforce standard objects like Accounts, Contacts, Cases, Opportunities,
Products, Opportunity Line Items, Leads, Campaigns, Reports and Dashboards.
*      Designed, and deployed the Custom objects, Custom tabs, Entity-Relationship data model, validation
rules, Workflow Rules, Auto-Response Rules, Page layouts, Components and Visualforce Pages to suit
to the needs of the application.
*      Designed and developed User Interfaces for Sales Force users as per requirements.
*      Wrote SOQL& SOSL statements within custom controllers, extensions.
*      Worked on Salesforce.com Standard Objects such as Accounts, Contacts, Opportunities, Campaigns, Cases
and Solutions.
*      Performed administrative tasks such as managing Accounts, Contacts and Cases, setting Workflows
and Approval Process for approving new accounts and another business process.
*      Created and maintained Reports and Dashboards to provide fast access to key business metrics.
*      Case Management by Configuring Email-to-Case for the end user to submit a case through Outlook.
*      Created and configured Email templates which were used by PCS Central users for approval processes
and other field updates.
*      Customized Salesforce.com User Profiles by setting Standard and Custom objects layouts, Custom App
, Field-level Security, Permission Sets for client services and marketing.
*      Customized Chatter objects and tabs to view progress and discussion on business process.
*      Worked on different Sandboxes for development & testing; Involved in migrating the code to
production instance in installments using Change Set.
*      Configured Chatter to track emails from Outlook to Salesforce by following a user.
*      Responsible for weekly and monthly Data Export, updates and backup for the organization.
*      Used Apex Data Loader to Insert, Update and Import data from Microsoft Excel into Salesforce.com.
Environment: Salesforce.com, Force.com, Data Loader, Apex Classes, Controllers, Triggers,
Visualforce, Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, Data Migration, Informatica, SOQL, SOSL, Workflow &
Approvals, Java Ant, Custom Reports, Dashboards, Oracle, Windows.



HomeSite Insurance, Boston, MA                              Oct 2017 - May 2019
Sr. Salesforce Developer/Admin
Responsibilities:
*      Involved in various stages of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including analysis,
requirement engineering, architecture design, development, enhancements, testing.
*      Designed, developed and deployed Apex Classes, Controller Classes and Apex Triggers for various
functional needs in the application.
*      Created Custom Objects and fields for transactional and contractual information.
*      Created Templates, Approval Page Layouts and defined Approval Actions on them to automate the
processes.
*      Created Visualforce Pages to provide UI to the custom objects.
*      Developed and maintained SFDC analytical reports and dashboards for management review and planning
for accurate forecasting purposes.
*      Developed Salesforce.com ETL processes using Cast Iron, Informatica, Java and SalesforceWeb
Services Java API.
*      Administrator for different salesforce.com CRM application for sales cloud and service cloud.
*      Used SOQL & SOSL for data manipulation needs of the application using platform database objects.
*      Created Page Layouts, Record Types, Profiles, Permission sets, security and sharing, Cases, Report
Types, Reports and Dashboards, master-detail and lookup relationships.
*      Performed Apttus CPQ related configuration for product setup, approval matrices, approval rules,
process builders and flows.
*      Driving business requirement related meetings in order to capture the technical requirements for
the CPQ implementation.
*      Customized the Configuration Process and Document Engine for BigMachines application.
*      Used Salesforce Automation Process, created workflow rules and defined related tasks, time-triggered
 tasks, email alerts, and field updates to implement business logic.
*      Designed and developed Apex Classes, Controller Classes, extensions and Apex Triggers for various
functional needs in the application.
*      Worked as enhancement developer and team member, performed the roles of Salesforce.com Developer
and Administrator in the organization.
*      Worked closely with Java development team in Agile Environment to build and support current
dashboards and portals.
*      Involved in migrating the data from Oracle database to Salesforce application using Apex Data
Loader.
*      Used Informaticacloud service to integrate the data between systems.
*      Involved in Data Migration from Traditional Apps to Salesforce Using Data Loader Utility.
*      Experienced in Unit Testing, for the customizations and developments done during the project.
*      Involved in the Data Transformation and Data Cleaning activities while transferring the data to
the external system using Informaticaon demand.
*      Used the sandbox for testing and migrated the code to the deployment instance after testing.
Environment:Salesforce.com, Force.com, Data Loader, Apex Classes, Controllers, Triggers,
Visualforce, Sales Cloud, Marketing Cloud, Service Cloud, Data Migration, Informatica, SOQL, SOSL,
Workflow & Approvals, Java Ant, Custom Reports, Dashboards, Oracle, Windows.




Charter Communications, St. Louis, MO Jun 2015 - Sep 2017
Salesforce Developer/ Administrator
Responsibilities:
*      Implemented the requirements on Salesforce.com platform and Force.com IDE Plug-in using Eclipse.
*      Interacted with various business user groups for gathering the requirements for salesforce.com CRM
implementation.
*      Worked with the user group for requirement gathering throughout the planning and implementation.
*      Implemented Validation rules, Email Templates, Sharing and Security rules for the application.
*      Interacted with Salesforce Administrators and senior Developers to design application modules
*      Using Object-Oriented design methods.
*      Implemented Salesforce for Outlook functionality and installed outlook integration with different
user systems.
*      Involved in Setting up and customized the apps in Salesforce.com Application to match the
functional needs of the organization.
*      Involved in code-review sessions to identify potential problem areas and suggest alternative
solutions
*      Created Custom fields, Objects, Tabs, Page layouts, Custom Buttons, Workflows Alerts and Actions,
Approval processes.
*      Assigned some special permission to some users using permission sets.
*      Created workflow rules and defined related actions - tasks, field update, email alert, time
triggered tasks, to implement business logics.
*      Worked with various salesforce.com objects like Accounts, Contacts, Leads, Campaigns, Reports, and
 Dashboards.
*      Worked with Data Loader and App Exchange Applications.
*      Worked with different Deployment Plans for each release and Sandbox Refreshing.
*      Worked with different Record types to setup for different Page layouts based on profiles.
*      Involved in setting up the Role Hierarchy and assigning the Users as per the role.
*      Created different Profiles and setup the permissions based on the roles in the organization.
*       Worked on new UI interface, which is Lighting Experience in salesforce.
*      Worked on EchoSign for the electronic sign on the agreement and making it through auto generated
email to the customers.
*      Created Apex Classes, Apex Triggers and Visual force pages depending upon the requirement.
*      Created custom Dashboards for manager home page and gave accessibility to dashboards for
authorized people.
*      Maintained user roles, security, profiles and workflow rules validation rules wherever necessary.
*      Worked inSolving troubleshooting issues and Platform Operation.
*      Used sandbox for testing and migrated code to deployment instance after testing.
*      Provided training to internal business users to use application and develop their own custom
reports.
*      Supported data migration activities for migrating data from various business centers and business
center users with the support of Saleforce.com.
*      Defined documentation review cycles for the project, assign review tasks to the project team and
communicating project status, escalate issues to management.
Environment:Saleforce.com platform, Data Loader, HTML, Java Script, Workflow & Approvals, Reports,
Custom Objects, Custom Tabs, Email Services, Security Controls, Apex language, Visual Force (Pages,
Component & Controllers) and Sandbox data loading.


Cummins, Columbus, IN Nov 2013 - May 2015
Salesforce Developer
Responsibilities:
*      Interacted with various business team members to gather the requirements and documented the
requirements.
*      Worked with functional leads to transform and develop new requirements into design,
implementation.
*      Created Visualforce pages with fields, buttons and using various components to invoke methods.
*      Using controllers embedded JavaScript and HTML as needed.
*      Implemented new look and feel to Customer Portal by creating Headers and Footers with the help of
HTML, JQuery, and Visualforce Pages.
*      Partially developed a Customer Service and a Knowledge Base portal. Specifically, developed Workflows,
 Report Types, and User Profiles and reused existing Visualforce code templates for quick mockups.
*      Developed and configured various Reports and Report Folders for different user profiles based on
the need in the organization.
*      Designed, developed and deployed the Custom objects, Page layouts, Custom tabs, Components,
Visualforce Pages, Apex classes to suit to the needs of the application.
*      Create various profiles and configured the permissions based on the organizational hierarchy
requirements.
*      Defined Lookup and Master-Detail Relationships on the objects and created junction objects to
establish connectivity among objects.
*      Wrote SOQL& SOSL statements within custom controllers, extensions.
*      Involved in Field&page layout customization for the standard objects like Account, Contact, and
Leads.
*      Created Workflow rules and defined related tasks, time Triggered tasks, Email alerts, Filed
updates to implement business logic. Customizing Custom Objects, Tabs, Fields, Page layout as per
the business need.
*      Defined Lookup and Master-detail relationships on the objects and created junction objects to
establish connectivity among objects. Involved in security levels and privileges by customizing Salesforce.comProfiles
 and Roles.
*      Integrated Email with Salesforce.com for mass E-mail management and designed various custom E-mail
templates.
*      Maintained User Roles, Security, Profiles, and Workflow rules wherever necessary.
Environment: Force.com, Apex, Data Loader, Import Wizard, Eclipse IDE, Triggers, Custom objects,
Layout, SOQL (Salesforce Object Query Language).




