
Katherine M Smith                             (410) 852-2000
katie.smith3307@yahoo.com

WORK EXPERIENCE
Tidewater Staffing    Virginia Beach, VA     7/2008 - Present
Staffing Coordinator
My job includes: answering phones; conducting job orientations; placing
employees with potential employers to best suit our clients' needs;
checking in employees; data entry; filing; visiting clients; typing
correspondence; running extensive background checks; dispersing
paychecks; hiring and firing; and keeping track of badges, employees, and
clients; responding to emails.

Learning Rx    Virginia Beach, VA   4/2008 - 7/2008
Director of First Impressions/Administrative Assistant
My job included: answering phones; managing the schedules of everyone in
the office; setting up appointments and scheduling tests; typing
correspondence; data entry; filing; setting up tests; putting together
parent packets; scoring tests and inputting data; interacting with the
parents and students; and anything else the Director needed.

Auto Land    Virginia Beach, VA   2/2008 - 3/2008
Receptionist/Sales
My job was to answer the phones, take credit applications and check
credit scores, stuff and send out mailers, show cars to customers,
various paperwork and filing, as well as run various errands as needed.

Lindt Chocolate  Various locations in MD and VA   11/2001 - 1/2008
Various positions  Chocolate Advisor - Store Manager
I started with Lindt in Towson Town Center in MD in November of 2001 as a
Seasonal Chocolate Advisor.  After the Holiday season, I was made a
regular, non-seasonal employee.  During the Holiday Season in 2002 I was
promoted to Shift Supervisor.  I was promoted again in October of 2004,
this time to Assistant Manager.  After only 9 months, I was promoted once
again to Store Manager of the store in Bowie, MD.  In Bowie, I helped to
increase the sales and turn around a year of decreased sales.  I spent a
year at Bowie as the Manager and was then promoted to the Manager of the
Towson Store because it was a higher volume store.  I left the Towson
store in January of 2007 because I relocated to Virginia.  Once in
Virginia, I chose to work as an Assiatant Manager at the store in
MacArthur so that I could stay with a company I loved.  I then filled in
for the Manager who was out on maternity.  In my time with Lindt I scored
100% on several Secret Shops.  I was often asked to travel to other
stores within the Company to fill in for missing staff.  I was selected
to be a part of a 6 person team that went to the Mall of America store to
hire and train a new staff.  I was also part of several store openings.
At Lindt I was responsible for creating a welcoming atmosphere for the
customers; scheduling; opening and closing the store; cash handling and
deposits; auditing paperwork; inventory control; customer service;
achieving sales goals; setting floor sets and maintaining visual
standards; recruiting, training and developing staff; and other daily
things that keep the store running.

EDUCATION
Parkville High School and Center for Math, Science and Computer Science
Baltimore, MD US     High School Diploma

Community College of Baltimore County
Baltimore, MD US    Some College Coursework Completed

JOB RELATED TRAINING
I have gone through Novations Selling Skills Program through Lindt as
well as a Leadership Development Series.  I am also proficient in
Microsoft Word, Excel, Email, and Internet.  Knowledge of multi-line
phones, copiers, and faxes.