
KRESHAWNDA COLE
               1942 E. 124th Street Compton, California 90222
                         (310)704-0563 (310) 635-3121 home
                                MSCOLE31@YAHOO.COM

OBJECTIVE: Seeking career opportunity for either Administrative or Customer Service role where I can utilize my skills and previous work experience to grow within the company. Proven ability to manage, self-motivate and improve operations as well as demonstrate exceptional teamwork, leadership and time management. Accustomed to
working in fast paced environments. Quick learner, that's detail oriented with excellent organization and interpersonal skills.

EXPERIENCE AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS

ACS
April 2009 to Jan 2010
Customer Service Rep/ Call Center
Provide inbound customer service for national customer base, Consistent top producer with save ratio, phone time and schedule adherence, Retain customers, Discourage customers from disconnecting wireless service, Troubleshoot and resolve complex billing, Technical issues and customer complaints. Received numerous awards including Csr of the month for having the best calls when surveyed by the customers.

Transcore
June 2006 to Oct 2008
Customer Service Rep/ Call Center
Interfaced with customers to handle ez tag service inquiries. Handled problems, customer complaints, heavy phones and telephone inquiries. Processes ez tag violations into the system. Image review/data entry for Illinois, Oklahoma,
and Harris County toll roads. Trained new hires and Performed general office duties. Assisted in the development of new policies and procedures. Received awards for Best Customer Service Rep in the Call Center

Ccc Interactive
Nov 2005 to May 2006
Customer Service/ Call Center
Provided courteous and professional assistance in responding to member requests for Roadside Assistance in a high-volume call center. Data entry, Operated (ACD) telephone set and Windows-based applications to accurately receive record and respond to members requests. Took actions as necessary to respond to a caller's emotional state (calming down someone who is angry and providing reassurance to someone who is fearful).Received numerous awards, such as Employee of the month


LBC Construction
May 2000 to Nov 2005
Administrative Assistant
Maintained customer database and filing system. In charge of organizing and distributing payroll and assisting with questions or concerns. Answered 9-line switchboard and routed calls to necessary or appropriate personal. Created
and managed shift schedules for enter office and field workers on a weekly basis. Scheduled and confirmed all travel itinerary which included air, car, and hotel Arrangements. Recruited, interviewed and pre-screened all potential employees for new hire process. Generated repeat business through successful client follow-up.

Cypress Lakewood Clinic
June 1999 to April 2000
Referrals/Telephone Triage
Responsible for maintaining medical records of all patients in the office. Recorded body functions and vital signs and informing the doctor of illnesses and treatments the patient is receiving. Tracked the results of any tests that was ordered. Called Pharmacies to verify and refill patients prescriptions. Data entry, answered multi-line phones,
scheduled appointments and verified patients insurance.

EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND

Marque Learning Center
Houston, Tx

Chester Adult School
Los Angeles, Ca

Centennial High School
Los Angeles, Ca

SKILLS
Microsoft Word, Excel, Ten-Key/Alpha Numeric, Windows XP, Typing 40 wpm, Microsoft Outlook, Fax Machine and other office equipment

REFERRALS GIVEN UPON REQUEST