




Michael Cheng
San Leandro, California 94577 * (510) 387-3032
mcheng_510@icloud.com


Honest, hard-working, and detail-oriented professional with 15+ years of experience in Purchasing,
Procurement, Sales and Quality Assurance. Excellent relationship building, problem solving,
interpersonal savvy, leadership, communication, and decision-making skills.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer.




EXPERIENCE


NOV 2020 - FEB.2022


PURCHASING AGENT, TEKTALENT INC. HAYWARD, CA


Served as to develop, prepare, negotiate and advertise contracts and purchase orders.


Recommended price adjustments, deviation from contract terms, conditions, delivery schedules and
changes. Coordinated contract administration through acceptance and payment throughout the life of
the contracts. Maintained data on requisitions, orders and supply fund. Monitored work in progress
and assured timely accomplishment of assigned workload. Executed purchasing strategies with
suppliers including on-going negotiations, price management and day-to-day support of efficient
supply chain operations. Developed and maintained relationships with both internal customers and
suppliers while aggressively driving to results that made company more competitive. Managed
day-to-day business activities to ensure achievement of annual goals.


Identified, gathered and analyzed internal and external intelligence such as market trends, supplier
capabilities, specification data and customer requirements to optimize long-term purchasing
decisions.




NOV 2017 - OCT 2020
QUALITY ASSURANCE AUDITOR, UNICOR FARM, LOMPOC, CA
Identified issues and documented processes, analyzed data for accuracy, and made recommendations to
improve quality control. Conducted monthly audits of dairy operation, including maintenance,
warehouse, Spill Prevention Control and Countermeasures and Shipping and Receiving. Prepared 39
highly detailed work instructions ranging from delivery logistics, SAP Production and Shipping and
Receiving, Milking and Feeding, Procurement, Milk Processing and others. Prepared camera ready 2019
National Association of Institutional Agribusiness (NAIA) Conference Brochure, PPT presentations and
Conference Agenda. Used SAP Shipping/Receiving, Production, Procurement and Accounting modules.
Completed the DOL 4000-hour course in QA. Recognized by manager as a top performer.


NOV 2016 - NOV 2017
PROCUREMENT SPECIALIST, UNICOR FARM, LOMPOC, CA
Built effective relationship with vendors. Negotiated timing and pricing for key commodities. Read
and managed contracts. Resolved pricing and commercial disputes. Audited procurement. Gathered
market intelligence and benchmarked commodities and services. Optimized the value and longevity of
finished goods by ensuring only quality and correct commodities and services were purchased.
Influenced decision to acquire and use climate monitoring technology which resulted in the sublet of
150 acres of land for broccoli growing. Strong in supply chain management. Used SAP Procurement,
Shipping and Receiving modules.


OCT 2015 - NOV 2016
QUALITY ASSURANCE INSPECTOR, UNICOR SIGN FACTORY, LOMPOC, CA
Ensured metal signs are manufactured to meet ISO standards. Conducted tests on raw materials use for
production by taking various random samples. Redesigned end-to-end processes and logistics between
factory to warehouse to gained efficiency and saved costs. Certified in ISO.


JUNE 2004- OCT 2015
SALES MANAGER, OCEAN PRODUCE, OAKLAND, CA
Make presentations of profitable programs to potential and existing customers. Notify and assist
buyers, operations and sales support persons by communication of customer's needs and preferences.
Organize and provide assistance for special sales and promotions.Identify and target new business
development in the retail and wholesale community. Promote and secure business-to-business sales.
Close sales, achieve monthly targets and commit to sales results.Responsible for entire sales
process from first contact to close individual accounts sales, gross profit processing and turning
in job related paperwork within the set time lines.




EDUCATION


JUN 2016 - NOV 2018
PARALEGAL STUDIES, ADAMS STATE UNIVERSITY,
ALAMOSA, CO




SKILLS


*      SAP (Procurement, Production, Shipping and Receiving modules)


*      Office 365 (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook)


*      Inventory management


*      Financial procurement


*      Calendar management

*      Relationship building


*      Leadership


*      Communication


*      Problem solving


*      Interpersonal savvy


*      Decision making




CERTIFICATION
*      ISO 9001 Certification (Feb 2016)
*      Quality Assurance Inspector (2016- present) more than 2000 hours in Department of Labor Quality
Assurance Apprenticeship Program
*      UNICOR 4000 Hour Course in Quality Assurance (May 2018)
*      Paralegal I & II (Dec 2018)


LANGUAGES
*      Intermediate Proficiency in Cantonese (Chinese)

1

