
DH

DAILYN MIELES
HERNANDEZ

7863515202
dailyn.hernandez0418@gmail.co
m
15870 SW 43RD ST,
MIAMI, FL 33185

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Energetic, hard-working individual seeking a position with an organization that promotes
professional growth and advancement. Equipped for fast-paced environment. Reliable
team member accustomed to taking on challenging tasks. Dedicated to business
success. 
SKILLS
Team building and leadership

Excellent interpersonal verbal and
written communication skills

Strong problem solving and listening

 Good organizational skills with the

skills

ability to handle multiple tasks in a timely
and accurately manner

Fluent English and Spanish

10+ years of SAP knowledge skills

Proficient with Microsoft Office System
(including Microsoft Word, Microsoft
Excel, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft
Access, and Microsoft Outlook)
EXPERIENCE
Repairs Manager, ATR Americas, Inc, Nov 2013 - Current, Miami Springs, Fl
Reviewed repair performance activities regularly to identify opportunities for
improvement.
Managed daily tasks consistently and sought out opportunities to go beyond
requirements and support business targets.
Lead teams through routine operations and unexpected challenges with strong
decision-making skills and expert repair vendor knowledge.
Developed and communicated standard operating procedures to repairs team.
Managed communications between team members, customers and vendors to keep
operations efficient and successful.
Determined team targets and implemented plans to achieve goals at individual and
group level.
Filed records to keep system efficient and information organized.
Managed the performance of team members, conducted performance appraisals,
and managed promotion recommendations.
Maintained an onsite presence to ensure the operations team met all company

 operational standards.
Managed business operations, working closely with senior management to develop
KPIs, build operating dashboards, and monitor performance.
Supported back office procedures, including hiring and employment processes.
Improved customer satisfaction and loyalty by building an atmosphere focused on
positive, memorable experiences.
Subcontracting Repair Administrator   LEVEL 3, Barfield Sabena Technics, Aug 2010 - Oct
2013, MIAMI, FL
Monitored vendor turnaround time and repair cost in order to abide with PBH
agreement TAT guidelines.
Reviewed vendor agreement stipulations to verify vendor compliance.
Maintain proficient follow-up and communication with suppliers and customers. 
Managed engine removals, scheduled removals for V2500 engine LRU's.
Followed up with multiple vendors and expedited on open repair orders.
Provide proficient status updates including status reports to the operators in a timely
manner.
Prorated customer for soft time units in which exceeded soft time threshold limit.
Monitored high dollar repair cost for to ensure proper billing was accommodated. 
Managed exchange units to meet contractual TAT.
Customer Service Representative , Barfield Sabena Technics, Sep 2002 - Aug 2010, MIAMI,
FL
Talent for identifying customer needs and presenting appropriate company product
and service offerings.
Demonstrated ability to gain customer trust and provide exceptional follow-up,
leading to increased repeat and referral business.
Expertise in resolving escalated customer service issues.
Secured numerous company achievement awards for delivery of
exceptional customer service.
Good organizational skills with the ability to handle multiple tasks in a timely and
accurately manner.
Provided follow-up and expedited orders upon customer's request.
Assisted customer's with urgent/critical issues and requests.
Ability to work in a high pace and high stress environment.
Assisted the front desk operations such as answering multiple phone lines and
identifying which correct department to transfer each call.
Continuously met or exceeded daily service quality and performance scores.
Engaged with customers to understand and resolve issues and answer product
questions.
Certified Nursing Assistant , Palm Springs General Hospital , Aug 2001 - Dec 2001, MIAMI,
FL
Provided patient care, to hospice and terminally ill patients.
Charted and documented activities and vital signs of each patient.
Worked in teams with doctors, nurses, and hospital staff.
Worked closely with registered nurse to manage patient flow.

 EDUCATION
High School Diploma
Miami Carol City Sr. High School - MIAMI, FL
Graduated with certified nursing assistant certification

Jun 2001

 