
Kapanaiece S. Malone
9403 N 10th St #B
Tampa, Florida 33612
                     Telephone:  (813) 735-7294or (813) 297-7746
                         Email:  Kanandze@yahoo.com
                                 
Objective:    To obtain a career in a professional organization where my
               experience in financial aid, admissions,and administrative
               assistant can be utilized.
                                 
        Education:    Associates of Science in Psychology, May 2004
                                 Chattanooga State Technical Community College,
                                   Chattanooga, Tennessee
Student Mentor

    Skills:    Experienced in Microsoft Office Windows: Word and Excel.
                                 Excellent verbal and communication skills.

    Extremely productive in a high volume and high stressed environment.
    Professional, friendly, and public oriented.

                    Experience:  International Academy of Design and Technology,
                      Tampa, Florida, March 2006
     Financial Aid Instructor::
                                 Conducted Financial Aid workshops where I
                                   assisted students applying for FAFSA's,
                                   Stafford & Private loans.

Educate and inform students and parents of the financial aid process.
Estimated how much financial assistance will be given.

Collected personal information, legal documents, and packaged students by
  disbursing the allotted financial assistance.

Printed & mailed the Official Award Letter to each student.

    

    Chattanooga State Technical Community College, Chattanooga, Tennessee, July
      2000 - December 2005
    Financial Aid Assistant:
                                 Assisted students apply for financial aid.

Helped students complete applications and other documents for financial aid
  process.

Packaged personal information and other financial legal documents to students.

    Achievements:    Customer Service of the Year Award, International Academy of
                      Design and Technology, December 2006
                                 100% Completion of Assigned Students Packaged
                                   Award, International Academy of Design and
                                   Technology, December 2006