
                         Kristy Gonzalez

                                    Lorain, OH, 44052, US
                                      Kgr_93@yahoo.com



Work Experience

08/01/2021 - PRESENT

Pin Oak Apartments , Property Manager

        Investigate complaints, disturbances and violations and resolve
        problems following management rules and regulations.
        Maintain records of sales, rental or usage activity, special
        permits issued, maintenance and operating costs, or property
        availability.
        Negotiate the sale, lease, or development of property and
        complete or review appropriate documents and forms.
        Meet with prospective tenants to show properties, explain
        terms of occupancy, and provide information about local areas.


04/01/2021 - 07/01/2021

Apples Market , Cashier

        Count money in cash drawers at the beginning of shifts to
        ensure that amounts are correct and that there is adequate
        change.
        Process merchandise returns and exchanges.
        Maintain clean and orderly checkout areas and complete other
        general cleaning duties, such as mopping floors and emptying
        trash cans.
        Answer customers' questions, and provide information on
        procedures or policies.
        Receive payment by cash, check, credit cards, vouchers, or
        automatic debits.


04/01/2019 - 08/01/2020

Metropol of Mall of San Juan Puerto Rico, Waiter/Waitress




        Remove dishes and glasses from tables or counters, take them
        to kitchen for cleaning.
        Present menus to patrons and answer questions about menu
        items, making recommendations upon request.
        Garnish and decorate dishes in preparation for serving.
        Clean tables or counters after patrons have finished dining.
        Stock service areas with supplies such as coffee, food,
        tableware, and linens.
        Fill salt, pepper, sugar, cream, condiment, and napkin
        containers.
        Roll silverware, set up food stations or set up dining areas to
        prepare for the next shift or for large parties.
        Collect payments from customers.
        Serve food or beverages to patrons, and prepare or serve
        specialty dishes at tables as required.
        Perform food preparation duties such as preparing salads,
        appetizers, and cold dishes, portioning desserts, and brewing
        coffee.
        Describe and recommend wines to customers.
        Bring wine selections to tables with appropriate glasses, and
        pour the wines for customers.
        Perform cleaning duties, such as sweeping and mopping floors,
        vacuuming carpet, tidying up server station, taking out trash,
        or checking and cleaning bathroom.
        Prepare tables for meals, including setting up items such as
        linens, silverware, and glassware.
        Explain how various menu items are prepared, describing
        ingredients and cooking methods.
        Assist host or hostess by answering phones to take reservations
        or to-go orders, and by greeting, seating, and thanking guests.
        Inform customers of daily specials.
        Provide guests with information about local areas, including
        giving directions.
        Prepare checks that itemize and total meal costs and sales
        taxes.
        Check with customers to ensure that they are enjoying their
        meals and take action to correct any problems.
        Take orders from patrons for food or beverages.



Education




2013-01-01

Luz America Calderon Puerto Rico, High School in 12

