
NATHAN R. DOBBS
4160 Raven Dr. Fallon, NV, 89406
Cell phone - (619) 861-4299
nathan.dobbs@yahoo.com


   OBJECTIVE
   I desire to be a part of the AMEWAS Team where I can utilize my 20 years of proven and
   progressive leadership expertise in aviation and special operations. I display an exceptional
   ability to communicate with others while working well within a cohesive team.

   I have 20 years work experience, 17 years in Naval Aviation Operations and Maintenance as well as
   10 years program management. Experience includes 10 years in many programs such as H-60 aircraft
   Search & Rescue, Firefighting and Special Operations support, hydraulics and flight control
   systems, aircraft communication systems, and maintenance technologies such as vibration analysis
   and aircraft corrosion control & prevention. Drafted maintenance strategies and plans, risk
   plans, operational procedures, performance requirements, Navy training system plans, manpower
   estimate reports, logistic plans, performance work statements, and system requirement documents.
   Prepared and revised program and financial briefs, and completed requirements analysis, field
   evaluations and site surveys. Twelve years of direct supervision of personnel in Naval Aviation
   Operations and Maintenance Departments.

HIGHLIGHTS OF QUALIFICATIONS

 *      20 years of professional experience as a Search and Rescue Aircrewman and Crew Chief
 *      Subject Matter Expert
 *      Command Managed Equal Opportunity Specialist ( CMEO )
 *      Master Training Specialist ( MTS )
 *      Leading Chief Petty Officer ( LCPO ) NAS Fallon Search and Rescue
 *      Current Secret Security Clearance ( Active ) / Top Secret/SCI ( Inactive )

EXPERIENCE PROFILE

Team Leader / MH-60S Crew Chief, 2016-Present  NAS Fallon SAR, Naval Air Station Fallon, NV

 *      Updated disaster control plans and implemented quarterly training to ensure the understanding of
   all policies and procedures by over 350 Navy personnel.
 *      Led the integration of new search and rescue equipment. Enforced strict adherence to technical
   data ensuring safe utilization of all rescue equipment during demanding life-saving missions.
 *      Spearheaded a ground support equipment licensing program for all active duty personnel aboard NAS
   Fallon SAR.

Operations manager / Combat Aircrewman, 2010-2016    HSC-85, Naval Air Station North Island, CA

 *      Managed and directed the squadron's operations program encompassing over 150 Naval Aviators,
   resulting in the standardization and tactical qualifications of all pilots and aircrewmen.
 *      Ensured the synergy of maintenance and operations department resulting in the readiness of 16
   H-60 helicopters to meet the mission requirements of US Special Operations Command and Special
   Operations Command Pacific.
 *      Managed all tactical combat flight operations to include Direct Action missions in support of
   terrorist and insurgent capture or kill combat missions in support of Joint Special Operation
   Task Force. Provided Intelligence Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR) via FLIR to support
   battle space management.


Seahawk Weapons and Tactics Instructor, 2007-2010            NSAWC Naval Air Station Fallon, NV
 *      Led a cadre of 46 instructors and 31 support staff in the advanced training of all Navy aircraft
   carrier based squadron personnel.
 *      Managed Rotary Wing Weapons School while instructing 730 aviators and aircrew in graduate level
   tactics. Personally flew over 1000 hours in the H-60 B/F/H/S helicopter as a Senior Weapons and
   Tactics instructor. Managed curriculum and curriculum review for a constantly evolving course
   worth over $24 million annually.
 *      Course overview to include: Hellfire, FLIR operations, MTS FLIR, Weapons, Strike, Helicopter
   Defensive Maneuvering.
 *      Taught over 80 classes in advanced tactics to Rescue Mission Commanders in support of integrated
   operations training for 16 Carrier Strike Group training detachments and coalition forces.
 *      Weapons Instructor ( Crew served / Personal ) and Officer in Charge / Range Safety Officer.
 *      Combat Search and Rescue Program Manager ( CSAR ) responsible for developing tactical plans for
   CSAR missions, briefing/debriefing plans to superiors, coordinating air and ground assets, and
     deconfliction with staff and civilian opposing forces.
 *      Subject Matter Expert ( SME ) for combat survival radios to include the Hook II ( PRC-112B /
   Quickdraw ) and the PRQ-7 Combat Survival Evader Locator ( CSEL ).

Lead H-60 Crew Chief, 2003-2007          HS-6, Naval Air Station North Island, CA
 *      Responsible for coordinating and scheduling multiple classes and events to facilitate the
   qualification process for 60 aircrewmen. Detachment Leading Aircrewman and Maintenance
   Supervisor. As the Plane Captain Shop Supervisor, ensured accurate daily readiness reporting to
   Operational Commanders for seven aircraft, tracked Support Equipment custody cards, ensured
   accurate accountability of over three million rounds of ammunition, and maintained accountability
   for all communication security ( COMSEC ) and classified documents.

RELEVANT EDUCATION

 *      US Navy Aircrew School / Survival, Evasion, Resistance and Escape ( SERE )
 *      US Navy Search and Rescue Swimmer School
 *      Seahawk Weapons and Tactics Instructor Course
 *      US Navy Helicopter Mountain flying course / Instructor course
 *      High Altitude Power Management course
 *      ATABS / IMDS Operator & Interpreter
 *      Small Arms and Marksmanship Instructor course
 *      First Aid / Emergency Responder / Supplemental Oxygen Administrator
 *      DOT Transportation of HAZMAT course
 *      Senior Enlisted Joint Professional Military Education