


My name is Daniel Zaborski.
I am an artistic idea box. I think my company loyalty, dedication, outgoing personality and positive
attitude would be a great addition to your company.
I love to sketch and create my creations in Photoshop such as Christmas cards, Ads, Pop Art, CD
labels, Sports Music Posters and many more. I have also done some freelance graphic design work such
as Logos, Fliers, Business Cards, Wedding discs, Family Reunion discs, and Music/DVD labels to name
a few. I have created some real world graphic design applications with CMC Graphic Design program
under Brian Tinker, my teacher and advisor.
I am a creative outgoing hard working independent team player people person. I have over 10 years
experience in customer service and offer knowledgeable caring informative service. I thrive on
forming lasting work relationships and positively impacting those around me.
I speak a second language also which is Polish. I lived in and have traveled to many places, seen
many faces and embraced different cultures which I feel gives me an edge and open mindedness.
I would appreciate the opportunity to speak with you and present my portfolio. In the mean time
please feel free to contact me at llkoolfish@gmail.com or 702.409.9303. I look forward to hear from
you soon.
Best Regards
Daniel Zaborski


Objective
I am seeking employment with your company. I aim to create new and innovative ideas and be a
creative and productive associate. I am skilled in relationship development, sales, creativity and
negotiations. Hello, my name is Daniel.
Job Responsibilities
I use personal skills to build client relationships that result in repeat business. I have the
creative drive and the ability to effectively communicate positive to others.
I was a relief supervisor in Telecommunications at Caesars Palace and a Timeshare Sales agent at the
Grandview Las Vegas. I gained experience communicating with executives as well as employees and
guests. I helped answer their questions and anything asked of me. I ran errands, filing, holiday
decorating, and tech support.
Skills I am familiar with MS Office and Adobe Products such as Photoshop, In Design and dabble in
Premier. I have created such things as Christmas cards, Magazine and Newspaper Ads, Pop Art, CD
labels, DVD covers, Brochures, Magazine Covers, Logos, Business Cards, Sports/Music Posters and many
more.
Education
+Colorado Mountain College (CMC) 2010 - 2014.
AAS Degree and Graphic Design Certificate
Brian Tinker - Teacher and Advisor.
+UW-Baraboo, Lake Tahoe Community College (LTCC), University of Nevada Las Vegas (UNLV)
1997 - 2002 General studies.
+Wisconsin Dells High School
HS Diploma, Wisconsin Dells, WI - 1997

Work History
RDI/Jibjab November 2015 - Present.
Unemployed August - November 2015
Vacation Village, Grandview Las Vegas, Timeshare Sales Associate. September 2014 - August 2015.
Unemployed Student. 2010 - 2014
Caesars Palace Las Vegas NV. August 1999 - December 2009
Caesars Palace Tahoe Stateline, NV. July 1998 - August 1999

References available upon request. 702.409.9303. llkoolfish@gmail.com





