

Judy C. Burkholder
5346 Galahad Circle * Norcross, GA 30093
Telephone: 404-401-0275
E-mail: jcburkholder@yahoo.com



   A stable, detail-oriented professional working as an Administrative and Accounting Assistant for
   financial, service and manufacturing businesses. Someone who is reliable and hard-working with
   superb interpersonal, communication and organizational skills. A conscientious individual who is
   highly productive and can work both independently or within teams while maintaining the highest
   level of confidentiality and discretion. A well-regarded individual with a professional demeanor,
   strong ability to multi-task and one whom enjoys a fast-paced environment.

SKILLS & CAPABILITIES

   Microsoft Office 2016:
   Excel, Word, Power Point & Outlook
    Great Plains, Peachtree Accounting, QuickBooks, Macola, Lacerte, Southware, Viewpoint, Bluetooth
    ACT!, Goldmine, Lotus Notes
    Proprietary financial applications from Prudential, Schwab and Pershing
    Full Cycle Accounting and General Administrative Tasks and Responsibilities
    Management
    Notary Public
   Job/Project Estimating
   Human Resources
   Accounts Payable
   Accounts Receivable
   Financial Reporting
   Inside Sales
   Collections




PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE


ACCESSORIES UNLIMITED, INC., Stone Mountain, GA            August 2018 - June 2022
   Accounting Specialist
      Singularly checked, assured approval and entered all bills for an approximately a 30 million
      dollar Division 10 specialties and labor company using QuickBooks .
      Analyzed and entered the company credit card, UPS and employee/owner's reimbursements monthly.
      Tracked credits due from vendors and monitored monthly statements.
      Reviewed and entered payroll for all subcontractors and 1099 employees weekly.
      Set up new vendor accounts obtaining their W-9 and COI and maintained all A/P files.
      Tracked all COI's required from subcontractors monthly and prepared submission for the annual
      audit.
      Soley and effectively collected on all past due customer accounts and assisted with generating
      waivers as needed.
      Prepared A|R reports for all Project Managers monthly and filed liens as needed.

RUSSELL LANDSCAPE, LLC - Sugar Hill, GA                        August 2017 - March 2018
Accounts Payable Specialist
      Solely produced full-cycle payments weekly for a commercial landscape company with nine
      companies under the umbrella of Russell Landscape utilizing Viewpoint software.
      Processed over an average of 75 invoices daily using three-way match.
      Weekly analyzed and proposed what needed to be paid from all nine entities.
      Ensured all invoices had a PO and all billable jobs had been billed.
      Set-up all new vendors and ensured that we had received their W-9 and Certificate of Insurance
      if needed.
      Analyzed vendor statements to ensure that all invoices had been received and caught many
      duplicate billings, saving the company money.
      Produced payments to all 1099 employees.

ZENITH LABORNET, INC - Tucker, GA                              March 2016 - May 2017
Accounts Payable Specialist
      Solely produced full-cycle payments bi-weekly for a trade show labor company with fifteen
      offices and numerous satellite offices throughout the U.S. utilizing Great Plains software.
      Audited incoming supplier/subcontractor invoices and researched items on the Open Payables
      Report.
      Processed an average of 50 invoices daily.
      Reconciled expense reports as well as analyzed and coded all invoices to a job number or
      general ledger code.
      Monitored advance accounts for all employees (175+) and followed up with the collection of
      receipts and reconciliation of these accounts.

EAGLE SECURE SHREDDING - Tucker, GA                              June 2015 - January 2016
Administrative Assistant
      Provided all administrative duties for a small mobile shredding company.
      Assisted with all incoming calls to schedule shredding appointments for new and existing
      customers as well as provided quotations.
      Produced daily invoices and incoming deposits using QuickBooks software.
      Effectively collected on past due accounts receivables and minimized the outstanding invoices
      tremendously.

TEAM TERRA DKI - Norcross, GA                              September 2014 - March 2015
  Administrative Assistant/Receptionist
      Initial contact for new customers retrieving all pertinent information in regards to their
      loss for a service restoration company.
      Handled all incoming calls and efficiently directed them.
      Sorted and distributed mail and packages and set up job folders for new customers.
      Assisted the Marketing Manager with advertising campaigns and conducted customer surveys.
      Assisted in retrieving all necessary paperwork from subcontractors such as their W-9 and COI's
      and updated this in a proprietary software.

FACILITIES PERFORMANCE GROUP, LLC - Norcross, GA            February 2013 - March 2014
  Executive Assistant
      Assisted the Vice President of Sales & Marketing and the CFO with all administrative duties
      for a specialized commercial cleaning business.
      Entered, reviewed and processed payables using QuickBooks and deposited all receivables.
      Assisted with data entry to ensure that monthly billing was accurate and itemized.
      Daily entered Work Orders to be billed out at the end of the month.
      Handled all incoming calls and efficiently directed them.

RANDSTAD STAFFING - Duluth, GA (For BTG Americas, Inc. - Temporary Assignment) July 2012 - January
2013
  Inside Sales Representative
      Provided complete customer service for inbound calls for service on paper pulping equipment
      and followed-up making outbound calls on a daily basis.
      Entered service orders and assisted in entering equipment orders.
      Acted as a liaison for the Service Technicians (in-house and in the field) with our customers
      in regards to the status of their order.
      Provided all paperwork necessary for invoicing.
      Handled all hotel and meal accommodations for sales meetings and provided general office
      duties as needed.



EDUCATION
BROOME COMMUNITY COLLEGE - Binghamton, New York                  August 1989
  Associates Degree (A.S.) Business Marketing Management and Sales




