




                        1866 S. Fir Loop
                        Canby, Oregon 97013
                        (949)648-1345
                        Meganfraction1@yahoo.com

Megan Fraction


Summary

Results oriented professional with 23 years of property management experience. Skilled in
conventional and affordable product including A, B and C class assets as well as financial
management and employee recruiting/retention. I take great pride in my work and appreciate working
for a company that values my work ethics and loyalty.


Professional History

August 2018 - Current Aperto Property Management

Senior Regional Manager

    *      Portfolio consists of 9 affordable communities totaling 1016 units in Oregon, Washington and
      California.
    *      Monitoring financials and reports monthly to ownership.
    *      Annual reporting with tax credit allocation agencies and local housing bureaus.
    *      Annual Budgeting and Forecasting.
    *      Policy and process implementation.
    *      Analyze market conditions to capture maximum revenue growth.
    *      Acquisition and Rehabs




June 2009*- August 2018 Steadfast Companies

Regional Manager

    *      Manage a frequently changing portfolio of 6-12 multi-family communities in up to 4 states
      totaling up to 1550 units.
    *      Supervised 8 communities totaling 1,509 apartment homes in Oregon, Idaho and California
      including 1 market-rate property and 7 properties with affordable components.
    *      Perform and analyze market surveys in order to continuously monitor market trends and pricing.
    *      Have been awarded multiple company awards including "Year over Year NOI Growth".
    *      Assist with Due Diligence inspections for new REIT acquisitions.
    *      Travel to new acquisitions the day of take-over in order to assist with the transitions and
      on-boarding new staff.
    *      Complete annual budgets and manage financial performance to meet or exceed budgeted
      expectations.
  *(Steadfast acquired my properties and took Management in house in 2009. I was offered a promotion
  into the role as Regional Manager with my original hire date of February 14th, 1998)


February 1998 - June 2009 Pinnacle Realty
Community Manager

    *      Managed several different properties throughout my 11 years as a Community Manager. My last
      property was Center Commons which consisted of 3 properties, tax credit multi-family, tax
      credit senior and BOND/market.
    *      Handled performance related issues as well as recruiting, hiring, and training.
    *      Monitored property occupancy and conducted market surveys to evaluate the market and make
      pricing adjustments.
    *      Completed and implemented Marketing Plans to improve occupancy.
    *      Worked with local housing authorities and OHCS to ensure tax credits remain in compliance.
    *      Prepared for all property inspections including mortgage lender and State Audit inspections.
    *      Reviewed and prepared annual budgets, monthly financial statements and reports.




Education


Designations


References

Aloha High School            Aloha, Oregon
General Studies

HCCP, COS, C3P, CPM Candidate, Oregon PML in process


Available Upon Request

Software
Yardi, Rightsource, Sharepoint, Paylocity, Kronos, ADP, AMSI, Word/Excel, BOX





