
Justin Tooley

7717 D Canford St.  |  Camby, IN, 46113  |  317-513-1778  |
Justin_Tooley@yahoo.com


Objective
A sales, management, or assistant position in a motivated business
environment with an opportunity for advancement while building upon the
skill set necessary to be a successful commodity in the business
community.
Employment History
Fogo De Chao, Server
6/1/2008 - Present
Indianapolis, IN
   - Started at Fogo De Chao as one of the original openers of the
     restaurant.  Throughout my tenure I have consistently been at the
     top in sales regardless of the platform.  Specialized as the lead
     server for private parties as large as fifty guests.
Andy Mohr Toyota, Automotive Sales
10/1/2007 - 4/1/2008
Avon, IN
   - Accountable for learning extensive Toyota product line and relating
     benefits to individual customer needs. Self-motivated position,
     worked under full commission. Responsible for customer service and
     problem/conflict solving.
Central Locating Services Utilities Protection, Underground Utility
Damage Prevention Specialist
11/1/2005 - 9/1/2007
Cincinnati, OH
   - My duties with Central Locating as an underground damage prevention
     specialist were to locate and mark underground gas mains and
     services, as well as underground cable television, telephone, and
     electric lines. I had to develop interpersonal relationships with
     numerous contractors throughout my region and perform quality,
     efficient work in order to meet the demands of multiple people,
     sometimes simultaneously. With short deadlines and the constant
     potential for high cost damages both from a financial, and physical
     perspective.  This field required performance under pressure.
Goodcents Solutions, Installation Tech / Home Energy Efficiency Auditor
7/2003 - 2/2005


Indianapolis, IN

   - Installation of remote A/C disconnect switches on home
     air-conditioning units. Duties included route management,
     installation and servicing of switch, and normal vehicle
     maintenance. Was then trained in home energy-efficiency auditing.
     Passed one month of on the job training, as well as one-on-one
     training with an efficiency specialist. My job was to arrive at
     scheduled appointments with Cinergy customers, and conduct an
     in-home energy audit. The main purpose was to give the customer
     ideas on how to save money through making their homes more
     energy-efficient by pointing out problem areas. Averaged
     approximately 6 appointments per day, with each appointment lasting
     around an hour. The job was direct customer relations, and
     appearance and verbal skills were very important.

US Navy, Plane Captain    6/2000 - 7/2003
San Diego, CA
   - Began duty in Washington, D.C. as a member of the US Navy's
     Ceremonial Guard. Marched in President Bush's Inaugural Parade as a
     member of the Navy's honors representation. I was also a part of a
     platoon that rendered burial honors at Arlington National Cemetery.
     Was transferred to San Diego as a member of an S-3 aviation
     squadron. Met all training requirements in my division and was
     promoted to plane captain. Duties included direction of launch and
     recovery operations of our aircraft. Was also responsible for basic
     maintenance, and final inspection of flight-ready aircraft. My unit
     was deployed twice, and served duties aboard the USS Carl Vinson,
     and USS Nimitz. Both aircraft carriers, and both in a time of war.

EDUCATION

Ivy tech State College    1/2009 - Current
Indianapolis, IN
   - Current Business Administration Student, Pursuing Bachelor's Degree

Greensburg Community High School    8/1996 - 3/2000
Greensburg, IN
   - High School Diploma

REFERENCES

Available upon request