
RALPH A GITTINGS
406 WEST MOUNT PLEASANT STREET
WEST BURLINGTON, IA 52655
(319) 850-6931 (Cell)
(319) 754-1829 (Home)
ralph.gittings@gmail.com

Professional Summary
Electrical Designer, Tester, Inspector, assembler, wireman and Engineering support. Networking,
Fiber Optics, personal computers, servers, and camera systems are not our side of my abilities.
Security, Instructor, Course developer, Company commander, Counselor are part of my past jobs. My
job training is very Vast. Used the LOTO program for my safety and the safety of others working on a
project.

Professional Experience
Electrical Technician 1/Electrical Designer-drafter/Project Coordinator
Jan 2019 to Sept 2021
Zachry Group, Muscatine IA
    *      Worked as a team Electrician installing, troubleshooting equipment and circuits thru-out the
      Muscatine plant site and setting-up equipment replacement.
    *      Used LOTO for work safety when repairing or replacing electrical equipment.
    *      Worked with Engineers and Techs Troubleshooting for whatever was broken and needed to be
      figured out and fixed. ( Elect, Mech, Fluid, Piping and Equipment)
    *      Corrected Inaccuracies with electrical drawings.
    *      Ensure Compliance with Joint Commission, NFPA 70E and the NEC
    *      Electrical design work using AutoCAD and MicroStation. Worked with a P30 3D scanner on
      creating 3d scanning views of both pipping and architecture everywhere on the plant site as
      requested.
    *      Project coordinator of the software upgrade for the Bayer drafting department from
      MicroStation to AutoCAD. Working with various vendors suppling alternate software and
      information to help get us thru the 70,000-drawing conversion.
Electrical Field Service Engineer/Electrical Designer
Oct 2016 to Dec 2018
Mitchell And Lindsey L.L.C., Louisville, KY
    *      Perform a complete engineering study of the job site electrical distribution system which is
      designed to identify and quantify the degree of hazard inside each electrical device.
      Identifying the degree of hazard allows the worker to choose the appropriate Personal
      Protective Equipment (PPE) when working on the panel energized, which includes testing and
      troubleshooting.
    *      Worked within the rules of the LOTO program on site.
    *      Upgrade Inaccuracies with new electrical drawings and panel schedules.
    *      Ensure Compliance with Joint Commission, NFPA 70E and the NEC
    *      Electrical Testing of a sites Electrical distribution system.
    *      Switchgear, Breaker and Line Isolation Monitor Preventive Maintenance.
    *      Electrical Panel Cleaning
    *      Electrical Safety Awareness training
    *      Job site travel and scheduling
    *      Electrical field service employee training
    *      Worked as an electrical designer updating 1-line diagrams using AutoCAD.

(Owner) Computer Technician
Nov 2006 to Present
Poormans Computer Service, West Burlington, IA
*Buy, Sell, Trade or Repair new and used Computer equipment.
*We work for Doctors, Lawyers, Stores, the US Government and private customers.
*Do startup businesses complete computer packages
*Our shop functions as a test lab for all kinds of computers and customer devices that need to be
tested and repaired, outside of its normal work area.
*Networking projects, Building Network bridging, Construction Wiring.
*We have gone green and are doing computer disposal also.
*Book Keeping
*Tax Person
*Janitor

Electrical Designer
June 1989 to Feb. 2016
General Electric, West Burlington, IA
*Designed electrical circuits and reviewed engineers circuits and provided feedback for Circuit
correction as required.
*Designed circuits on the following software: Theda, P870, Promis-e, Auto-Cad, and exposure to
Eplan.
*Designed doors, panels, barriers and harness routing using Auto-Cad on all GE Switchgear product
lines. After designing it was my job to layout harness routes, special devices, terminal sizes and
notify the factory and supply, to have terminals and wire on hand. Head off impending problems that
would slowdown or stop production.
*Developed GE Switchgear fiber optics installation concept and did the job for 2 years.
*Spent 6 years working as Engineering Support person factory Floor of 100 Employees. It was my job
to review engineer and designers' jobs and make choices to fix them and keep the factory moving
forward.
*Worked as a GE Test department representative during customer inspections of their new switchgear
for 2 years. Worked thru all test and computer operations of the designed equipment.
*Built and Electrically Designed 2 different Prototype Switchgear Products.
*Inspected and Tested Electrical circuitry, Bus, clearances, and fusing requirements on all GE
switchgear product lines.
*Setup tested and troubleshooting multifunction devices from ABB, GE, Switzer, Siemens etc. like
most companies they required different cables and setup harnesses. Many times, had to improvise and
create temp testing fixtures.
*Created and implemented our customer device setup using laptop computers on the factory floor.
*Wired and assembled on all GE switchgear product lines
*Testing Switchgear is all about setting up power cables, current cables, Communication cables and
job specific test equipment required per job. Voltages from 48vdc to 13.8k vac.
*Invented and created numerous different products and safety devices while working on the Floor at
GE. Our Equipment is so large that each job was put in a safety zone and functioned as our mobile
test area
*Worked in the device repair room setting up temp harnesses and putting different devices through
its paces to ensure its operation in the gear.
*Designed Switch Gear for our US Embassies around the World, Designed the Switchgear Power
Distribution Vault "B" for the FBI Building in Washington DC. Designed the New arc resistant
Switchgear displayed at the GE Center of Excellence in Mebane NC.
*Worked as IT support during slow engineering department times, installed switches, ran fiber and
installed fiber optics. Worked on pbx phone systems.
*I personally held a Top Secret Security clearance with a full background investigation and was a
member of the personal reliability program in the US Navy.

Education and Professional Development
*1986 Southeastern community College, West Burlington, Iowa
Many Adult Education classes to increase my work knowledge.
Excel, Access, Auto CAD, Print reading, Math etc...
*1983 Dam Neck Naval base, VA Bch, VA
Missile Technician "A" and "C" School, Instructor and Course Developer
*1979 Dam Neck Naval base, VA Bch, VA
Missile Technician "A" and "C" School
*1979 Monmouth, Illinois
Warren High School

Community Involvement
I do free or low cost IT support for Great River Christian School, Churches and many other not for
profit businesses in the local area.

Personal References
Susan Saloman (EHS)
Caterpillar Inc
Peoria, Il
(309) 397-9625

John Christianson (Branch Manager)
1107 Jefferson St, Burlington, IA 52601
(319) 752-5438

Professional Experience (Extended)

School Support Person Sept 1999 to Feb 2016

Great River Christian School, Burlington, IA
*Operated, maintained and repaired 70 desktops, Laptops, tablets and servers.
*Operated, maintained and repaired the school's computer network.
*Operated, maintained and repaired the school's phone system.
*Installed operated, maintained and repaired schools cable tv system.
*Operated, maintained and repaired the school's electrical power system.
*Installed operated, maintained and repaired the school's security camera system.
*From time to time I do Solar projects with the students.
*Applied for and received grants to buy tech that the school needed
*We take in donated computers then refurbish them. We then use them in the school, resell them or
scrap them and use the money for more tech. To date about $15,000 in has been earned and put back
into the school. I do not profit from this effort.
*I regularly supply such items as printers, computers, monitors, projectors, visualizers, projector
screens, furniture and the list goes on.
*Court ordered mandated reporter.

Bus Driver
Aug 1991 to June 1994
Head Start, Monmouth, IL
*Operated, maintained and repaired a 26 passenger school bus.
*Took classes and earned my CDL and Bus Permit, Never had an accident or log book issue. We held
safety drills on our bus every other month. Parents used to come and watch our safety drills. The
children were great and always did an outstanding job. They were taught well.
*From time to time I would double as a head assistant teacher, working with the children and
teaching class.
*My assistant and I ran 3 routes a day transporting 3-, 4- and 5-year-old children to and from
schools.
*Court ordered mandated reporter.

Maintenance Man
July 1988 to Aug 1989
Welarco, East Peoria, IL
*Operated, maintained and repaired a bevy of heavy equipment building and support equipment. (Fans,
welders, plasma torch, 100-ton brake press, cranes, forklifts, walk behinds, Hydraulic hand tools,
air scrubber burner and paint booths.
*I also worked as an electronics tech and trouble shooter on a new product Welarco was creating for
off road mining vehicles. I did in fact find and fix the issues, which their engineers could not
find. Cold solder joints on control boards from China can be a real problem. They look great but do
not function well.

Missile Technician 2nd Class (E5)
Oct 1978 to Nov 1986
USS James K Polk SSBN 645, Damn Neck Training Center, VA BCH, VA
*Eighteen Months of Intense Training in Electronics, Electricity, Computers, Hydraulics, Pneumatics,
Weapons Systems, Submarine Operation, Maintenance and functional Systems. Most of the Classes had a
70% drop out rate. (I was 1st or 2nd in all my classes)
*Three years attached to SSBN Crew, one 70-day patrol, 18 months in the shipyard in Kittery Maine,
where we rebuilt almost every component in the weapons compartment. There were 8 missile techs, and
about 5000 different devices to overhaul, Test, certify and put back into operation. Many different
jobs required L.O.T.O. After the overhaul we took the ship to Andros Island and performed a torpedo
readiness test. I worked as a sonar tech during that time doing electrical and mechanical repairs.
The ship proceeded to port Everglades Florida where we tested the complete Missile system by
launching test missiles. I worked as Missile tech in many locations during that period.
*Two years and 6 months I worked as a Military Instructor, Course Developer for the Trident Missile
Technician Training program. During this time, I also worked as a calibration technician and base
security team.
*While I was stationed at Damn Neck Naval Base, I was left in charge of the security buildings and
staff during hurricane Andrew.

Farm Hand
July 1972 to Aug 1992
Gabby McGuire Farm, Monmouth, IL
*Operated, maintained and repaired a bevy of heavy farm equipment. Building and supporting
equipment. (Fans, augers, water systems, automatic feeds, flooring etc.
*Assisted (2-man operation) in Farming 400 acres corn and beans, 160 Brood Sows with an average of
1200 feeder pigs, 60 Cows, 2 bulls, and 300 feedlot cattle.