

Nonso Ekpo
Email: nonsoekpo@hotmail.co.uk            Mobile: +1 270-244-5823


Profile

An accomplished, highly self-motivated and extremely hard-working project manager with a successful
track record in the management and delivery of multiple complex and critical projects within strict
timeframes in various industries including financial services, consulting, defence, IT,
telecommunications and the public sector
Skills and Competencies

 *      End to end life cycle delivery of multiple projects using different frameworks and methodologies
   (Waterfall & Agile)
 *      Highly proficient in risk management which includes developing risk maps, planning and
   implementing an overall risk management process.
 *      Business case and process development, earned value management, cost benefit analysis, scheduling
   and financial analysis.
 *      Excellent senior stakeholder management skills, capable of engaging and liaising with Clevel
   and board level stakeholders.
 *      Critical path analysis and analytical skills resulting in generating cost savings and timescales
   reduction on different projects.
 *      Leading cross-cultural teams in a matrix organisation, great change management experience,
   self-starter and effective communicator.

Employer: WNS Title: Project Manager
Client: Convex Duration: Jul 2022-Dec 2022
At WNS, I was employed as a project manager where I was involved with managing a migration project.
 *      Planned and established necessary stakeholder communications.
 *      Managed the project risks and Issues.
 *      Managed change requests and project updates.
 *      Ensured the project is fully meeting business requirements

Employer: Deloitte Title: Project Manager
Client: Deloitte Duration: February 2022-May 2022
At Deloitte, I was employed as a project manager where I was involved with managing a large HR
transformation project. My role involved
 *      Built the team's experience sprint. (A robust candidate and customer journey experience)
 *      Liaised with-C-level Stakeholders and weekly updated them on the project status
 *      Created and updated the project's end to end project plan for four different workstreams and
   implemented a robust change management process.

Employer: Capco Title: Consultant
Client: HSBC Duration: April 2021-January 2022
At Capco I was employed as a consultant where I was involved with a data project with a first tier
UK bank. My role involved


 *      Developed a detailed project plan to monitor and track progress
 *      Established and maintained relationships with third parties/vendors
 *      Tracked project performance, specifically to analyse the successful completion of short and
   long-term goals
 *      Developed spreadsheets, diagrams and process maps to document needs
 *      Used JIRA, Confluence and Monday.com to monitor project progress.
 *      Led the people and culture capability to ensure governance is adhered to within the project.

Employer:  Accenture      Title: Business & Int Arch Specialist (Project delivery Lead)
Duration: Feb 2019-April 2021
At Accenture I was involved with multiple clients from 2019 to 2021. Some of the clients are listed
below.
Client: Atom Bank
At Atom bank I was engaged as a Scrum master for a large transformation project where my role
involved
 *      Scrum master to three teams, facilitated scrum ceremonies which included sprint planning, review
   and retrospectives
 *      Tracked and managed the product backlog, burndown and burnup metrics, velocity and task
   breakdowns
 *      Managed the health of the teams and worked with the product owner to define the project scope and
   objectives
 *      Protected the team from external interferences and ensured the team's impediments were timely
   mitigated
Client: Sainsburys Bank
At Sainsburys, I was engaged as a consultant for a transformation migration project where my
responsibilities included
 *      Resource utilisation, led POC and POV discussions and ensured timelines were being adhered to.
 *      Set up the internal PMO office, risk and value management
 *      Developed standards and procedures
 *      Change management. Financial analysis and project plan creation and analysis,
Client: Lloyds of London
At Lloyds of London, I was engaged as a scrum master for a transformation project where I was
involved with the development of the service hub which is part of the future of Lloyds digital
transformation project. Some of my key responsibilities included
 *      Facilitated Scrum ceremonies
 *      Sprint Estimating and planning, Stakeholder Management and supported the product owner and worked
   closely with the delivery team to ensure project requirements are accurately document
Client: NWM (NatWest Markets)
At NatWest Markets I was engaged with business development and documentation for a large
transformation project.
Client: RBS (Royal Bank of Scotland)
At RBS, I was engaged in leading the delivery of a multi-million IT Agile project. I was involved in
resource management, engaging the right onshore and offshore team, contract management, budgeting
and forecasting, project baseline analysis, and acting as an Interim Scrum master. Below were some
of my key responsibilities
 *      Resource management of on-shore and offshore teams in India, ensuring tasks were completed on
   time and the team is highly functional
 *      Project baseline analysis, worked with stakeholders to identify and ensured the project's
   benefits were realised.
 *      Organised and led the project contract management, budgeting and forecasting
 *      Managed the project's MI reporting and documentation using JIRA and confluence and priced new
   bids and business opportunities

Employer: Rabobank       Title: Project Manager.
      Duration: June 2017-August 2018
At Rabobank I was engaged to work on implementing the Corporate Criminal Finance Acts Law 2017. I
led the team in ensuring that the bank had reasonable procedures in place to protect the bank
against associated persons facilitating tax evasion. The project was completed on time and remaining
activities transferred to BAU. Below were some of my key responsibilities
 *      Analysed business partners and vendors to identify the bank's associated persons
 *      Worked with the KYC and AML teams to ensure compliance and business reports were communicated to
   the bank's stakeholders
 *      Developed the risk assessment which entailed identifying the different business areas and sectors
   that could aid the facilitation of tax evasion.
 *      Conducted a gap analysis to identify AML and ABC policies, managed and was responsible for the
   compliance European MI reporting.
 *      Ensured stakeholder awareness by creating and cascading regular management information for the
   UK/Europe Regions committees
 *      Ensured the bank employees were trained on the new tax law by conducting and leading training
   sessions for the compliance department.

Employer: PPF (Pensions Protection Fund)      Title: Project Manager (PMO)
      Duration: Jan 2015 - Dec 2016
At PPF I led and delivered the feasibility phase of a PPM project. I worked on a number of high
critical projects which included the migration of custodian from State Street to Northern trust and
the implementation of Aladdin a Blackrock system. Below were some of my key responsibilities.
 *      Ensured Gap analysis were used to validate project objectives when Business cases are being
   created for numerous projects.
 *      Led the project pipeline portfolio and ensured new projects were strategically aligned to the
   organisation's goals
 *      Conducted financial analysis on group wide projects and also facilitated and led workshops and
   training.
 *      Created, managed, disbursed reports related to different projects. Stakeholder and RAID
   management.
 *      Provided project oversight which includes Risk and Issues, Change Control and Dependency across
   the project Portfolio

Employer: The Pensions Regulator      Title: Lead PMO
       Duration: Aug 2014 - Oct 2014.
At the pensions regulators I was brought in to set up the financial arm of the PMO office
Responsible for setting up parts of the PMO (Portfolio Management office) and maintained project
deliverables.
 *      Provided regular management information to stakeholders and updated PMO processes, standards and
   tools.
 *      Created processes which enabled the identification and management of portfolio risks and issues.
 *      Created and prepared business process reports for management and ensured the accurate capture of
   actual and forecast progress in report.

Employer: BAE Systems      Title: MS (Mission Systems) Project Controller
       Duration: Feb 2014 - July 2014
AT BAE System I was brought in as an Earned Value SME to drive the timely completion of the QEC
(Queen Elizabeth Carrier) warship.
 *      Responsible for the project forecast, cost control and budget tracking on a project valued at
   over £500m.
 *      Identified core Risk processes and the measures to manage them and generated and maintained the
   project's risk register.
 *      Delivered and managed the project's change management processes and identified business
   challenges by analysing data and metrics.
 *      Built, maintained and updated project tools, kept the WBS structure and led EV measurement
   reporting.

   Education / Professional Qualifications.
 *      2016 MSc - Risk and Crisis Management: Portsmouth Business School
 *      2007 MA - Human Resource Management: Webster Graduate School London
 *      Agile Practitioner, APMP Practitioner, PRINCE 2 Practitioner, Program Management Institute
   Certificate Program, Earned Value Management, Managing Successful Programmes (MSP). ISEB (PPSO)
   Foundation, PSM 1, Kanban certified
 *      Additional Information:
 *      Technical Skills: SAP, Oracle, Planview, Clarity, MS Word, Excel, Outlook, Access, Visio,
   Project, Power Point, SharePoint, Mind Map, Lotus notes, Project Place, Replicon, ProPricer,
   Power BI, JIRA, Confluence, Primavera, Monday.com and Baan
 *      Hobbies
 *      Avid Chess and Squash player, enjoy cycling and volunteering for charity related activities.
 *      References: Available upon request





