
                                                     Eric Burden
                                                     545 Bickley Cir
                                          Colorado Springs, Colorado 80911
                                                  Cell: 719-477-3419
                                         Email: ericburden@rocketmail.com


Dependable employee with exceptional technical, analytical, organizational and people skills. Strong personal ethics
and integrity. Work well under pressure and deadlines. Highly organized team-builder with strong leadership
experience. Willing to work weekends, all shifts and overtime. Excellent communicator seeking a challenging position
with the opportunity for professional growth.


                                                      Experience

Semiconductor Manufacturing Operator                                                                       5/1994 - 7/2012
Atmel , Colorado Springs, CO
    *   Diffusion job description -
    *   Collecting and logging data information
    *   Processing starting materials known as silicon wafers.
    *   Wafer handling product lots from transfer box double checking the product scribe.
    *   Processing lots using a computer base script to ensure lots are being processed correct.
    *   Processing wafers through the fsi to ensure lots are being etched or cleaned to reduce cross contamination.
    *   Processing wafer through oxidation to add the growth of oxide per specification requirements at temperatures
        up to 1100 degrees.
    *   Inspecting all wafers to ensure no breaks, chips, coloration or any signs of cross contamination such as
        photo resist.
    *   Handling the wafers using a vaccume wand and slide transferring the wafers over from lot cassette to acid
        boats prior to fsi processing and transferring from acid boat to cassette after the fsi has completed.
    *   Loading the wafer cassettes on on an MGI which will transfer and load all cassettes on a furnace boat prior to
        furnace processing.
    *   Prometrix is a measuring device that I used to measure the oxide, nitride and poly growth and is with in the
        specification limits.
    *   Tencor is a defect tool that I used to measure the defects on the wafers and also helps control defect issues
        within the equipment.
    *   I was responsible for running any furnace quals such as cv's that check the furnace for any and all
        contaminates, weeksteam process that processes and ensurers the furnace remains clean and also a gas
        test to ensure N2,NO O2, O2 , PARTICLE and 950 FH2O gas are flowing properly when a particular test is
        ran.
    *   JT probe is a critical tool tI used to measure the depth of the wafer during contact. Measurements taken are
        time, shorts and volts.
    *   Iso 9000 certification was a big deal to ensure that the company and myself met all the customers needs and
        requirements.
    *   Working and communicated with the supervisor, maintenance and engineering groups.




                                            Education and Credentials




                 Strip Department Certifications:  Fsi's, Ashers, Sulfuric Chemical Hood and Descum.

    Diffusion Department Certifications:   Fsi's, Verticle Oxide, Verticles Teos, Issg, Oxide Furnaces, Lpcvd, Pocl ,
                  Prometrix, Tencor, Jt Probe, Buddy Trainer, Chemical Handler & ERT Spill Team.

                                                  High School Diploma
                                        Leleihua High School, Wahiawa, HI 1990

