
Pamela Taylor    (704) 583-4207
12716 Ivey Creek Drive, Charlotte NC 28273    Ptaylor1237@Carolina.rr.com
Professional Profile:
                                 
  An accomplished professional with strong business & technology acumen competent
  in motivating and directing teams to achieve desired goals.  Highly effective
  in managing multiple projects within a defined budget, timeframe, and scope of
  work.  Excellent communication and interpersonal skills coupled with a team
  player attitude and strong initiative. Seeking a position as a Senior Data
  Analyst/Business Analyst where I can contribute extensive business and
  technical skills.

Strengths:

Problem Resolution
User-centered System Analysis & Design
Project Management
Organizational Behavior
Strategic Analysis & Planning
Creativity

Team Building
Time Management
Adaptability
Dedication
Attention to Detail
Resource Management

Education:
                                 

1989 - 1991


1987 - 1989
Bachelor of Science in Office Information Systems
University of South Carolina, Columbia, SC

Emphasis in Computer Science
Benedict College, Columbia, SC

Computer Skills/Experience:
                                 

TSO/ISPF
UNIX
JCL
Cobol
APS Code Generator
EZT Plus
Windows 98,2000,NT


MS-DOS
Microsoft Word
Microsoft Excel


QMF (DB2)
Teradata (Queryman)
SQL (Oracle)
Toad(Oracle)
File Aid
Microsoft Project
Microsoft Access
Microsoft Outlook
Lotus 123
Lotus Notes

Xchange
Change Management System
Endevor
Xpediter


NDM
Visio
CIMulator
Sourcesafe

Other Applicable Skills:

  Decisive leader who can lead by example with a hands-on tactical approach when
  necessary.

  Superb troubleshooting skills, persistence in problem solving and the ability
    to
  coach and mentor others.

Excellent written, verbal and presentation related communication skills.
Proven interpersonal skills with the ability to work with all levels of the
  organization
Good humored, creative, persistent, dependable, discreet, thorough and attentive
  to detail.

  Highly organized and efficient, a flexible and versatile team player who will
  work hard and excel in any environment.

  A positive approach to all tasks, and pride in achievements has resulted in
    many
  successes.

Work Experience:

    Bank of America, Charlotte, NC    November 2006 - June 2007
    (Consultant)
                      Industry:  Banking/Information Technology
                Position Title:  Senior Data Analyst/Business Analyst
                                 
Responsibility Summary:

  Create multiple reports for the business to resolve differences between Oracle
  databases. Extract files from Toad(Query Tool) to use as input into a Microsoft
  database.

  Provide extensive research and problem resolution for clients on an as needed
  basis.

Provide support to clients involving Unix production Jobs.
Review Business Requirements and evaluate data sources.

    Bank of America, Charlotte, NC    March 2006 - October 2006
    (Consultant)
                      Industry:  Banking/Information Technology
                Position Title:  Senior Data Analyst/Business Analyst
                                 
Responsibility Summary:

  Served as the liaison between various Finance operational areas and the
  Technology Development and Supported teams for financial applications to ensure
  data requirements were properly understood, documented, communicated, and
  implemented.

  Reviewed Business Requirements, evaluated data sources, and translated
  requirements into specifications for the technology teams.
Analyzed data needs via the W query tools.

Used extensive SQL to research data on Oracle databases.
Monitored change control processes to ensure changes were properly reflected in
  production.

Provided analysis on data integrity issues.

    Wachovia Corporation, Charlotte, NC    January 2003 - March 2006
    (Consultant)
                      Industry:  Banking/Information Technology
                Position Title:  Senior Data Analyst
                                 
Responsibility Summary:

Provided data needs for PEGASIS (Loan Application System) from the Mainframe.
Provide assistance as needed to research CIM problems and/or questions through
  Lotus Notes database.

  Reviewed written Business Requirements in order to determine data requirements
  needed to support the business request.

Located data needs within existing CIMs and/or legacy systems.
Designed and test new CIMS and/or the addition of data elements to existing CIMS.
Prepared data mapping to support business request and developers.
Documented data mapping using SourceSafe version control application.
Monitored development and test efforts between the requesting system and
  servicing system.

Located test data to support testing efforts.

Acted as liaison between PEGASIS developers and Mainframe developers.
Provided production support with CIM problems as well as regional support
Utilized queries (file Aid, DB2, etc.) to access and review data patterns and
  build test cases.

    Bank of America, Charlotte, NC    October 2002 - December 2002
    (Consultant)
                      Industry:  Banking/Information Technology
                Position Title:  Senior Business Analyst/Quality Assurance
                                 Analyst

Responsibility Summary:

  Provided support for the Performance Management Group that supports the PCHH
  Referral Database.

  Responsible for creating quality test cases and test plans for a two-tier
  project.

  Responsible for creating detailed specifications from the JCL and Visio flow
  charts.

  Involved in User Acceptance testing (UAT), System Integration testing (SIT) and
  functional testing for each process.

  Used Queryman to extract data from the 'W' in order to build test cases and
  research critical information.

                                                                                                 Bank of America Charlotte, NC    Jan 2001 - Jan 2002 (FTE)
                                                                                                 1998 - 2000 (Consultant)
                      Industry:  Banking/Information Technology
                Position Title:  Programmer Analyst 2 / Business Analyst (Data
                                 Warehouse)
       Responsibility Summary::
                                 
  Responsible for integration of Model Releases for BOSS/ATM applications in the
  'W' (formally known as EDW/CKDS) data warehouse.

Modified Cobol/EZT Plus programs to meet project requirements.
Used such tools as File Aid and EZT Plus for testing and analyzing data results.
Responsible for loading DB2 tables and providing test results and scripts with
  queries.

Provided production support for all applications when on-call for the department.
Provided Y2K testing with a tool called Xchange.  Used Xpediter as a debugging
  tool. Participated in unit testing as well as implementation of each release.
Used Microsoft Project to keep track of each task for a successful
  implementation.

  Developed Functional/Technical designs and technical flowcharts using Visio.
    Used
  Lotus Notes extensively.

    First Union National Bank, Charlotte, NC    April 2000 - July 2000
    (Consultant)
                      Industry:  Banking/Project Management
                Position Title:  Project Coordinator
      Responsibility Summary:::
                                 
  Responsible for the coordination of the Householding Project for Design and
  Architecture within the Retail Investment Group at First Union National Bank.
Maintained a detailed work-plan for all deliverables and all phases of the
  project.

  Worked strictly from a standard methodology. Assisted the Designer/Data Modeler
  with the Functional and Detail designs.

Assisted with manipulating data from an Access Database.
Responsible for giving estimates on deliverables to the Project Manager.
Accumulated standard documentation for the project binder.
Assisted with data mapping.

Blue Cross and Blue Shield of SC, Columbia, SC    June 1996 - September 1998

                      Industry:  Insurance/Information Technology
                Position Title:  Information systems Engineer II (Data Warehouse)
      Responsibility Summary:::
                                 
  Responsible for internal/external Champus reports created within QMF(DB2) as
    well
  as Easytrieve Plus.

Used SQL to build reports, extract data off tables, and join multiple tables.
Used Cobol and EZT Plus for processing of reports and files.
Utilized many other utilities to test and debug such as Xpediter and Maxdata.
Responsible for downloading/uploading files from the Mainframe to the PC.
  Experienced with TSO.

Developed programs in APS, Cobol and EZT Plus for several projects.
Responsible for writing specifications for projects.

Provided clients with initial designs and mock-up reports as well as deadlines.

References:

Professional and personal references available upon request.

        Pamela S. Taylor - 2 -