
Kyle Barnes

Phone: (949) 870-5995    41 Hinterland Way    Email: kylebarnes@cox.net
 Ladera Ranch, CA.  92694

Profile Summary:
I am a highly energetic sales professional with over 13
years experience in a high paced sales environment.
I am dedicated and goal-oriented and will bring wealth of
knowledge to your company.  I aggressively search out new
business and am able to provide solutions for my customers.

-Account Development		-Sales Team Training		-Team Management
-Budget Management		-Sales Presentations/ Closing		-Sales Analysis
-Sales Forecasting		-Tradeshow Management		-Marketing Experience

Extensive business travel throughout the US, Canada, and Europe
Word, Excel, Power Point, Act, Gold Mine,
Adobe, Outlook, Windows, and all Mac Applications

Professional Experience:
Loop'd Network		Active Sports Media Account Manager		2006 to present
Dye Precision		Northern States Account Manager		2003 - 2006
Profile Design LLC		International Sales Manager		1995 - 2003

Manage national sales programs and conduct quarterly sales
meetings, develop goals, and coordinate all local,
regional, and national training efforts.
Conduct market surveys and identify / optimize business
opportunities. Develop programs to create brand awareness
and oversee all company-directed promotional activities within the dealer network.

Increased sales within my category by 85% in the first year totaling 1.2 million
Online advertising and community knowledge
Meet with dealers, national accounts, end-users, and the
sales force to define new product requirements and work
with product development to document these requirements in product specifications.
Managed multiple marketing campaigns (online media and print)
Created sales forecasts, tailored specific marketing plans
to increase customer's direct consumer sell through.
Managed multiple international accounts and all domestic house accounts.
Worked with the key account to jointly establish sales
forecasts, conveyed these forecasts to manufacturing, and
met with manufacturing and logistics on a
weekly basis to ensure timely equipment delivery

Dye Precision		2003 - 2006
200% growth within 1st year of taking over territory totaling 2.2 million.
Averaged over 50 sales calls per day
Maintained a 10% to 15% growth in sales within my territory in the following 2 years
Generated new business through networking and execution of creative marketing plans
Customers ranged from Wall Mart to Small Independents
Exceeded monthly and quarterly sales goals

Profile Design		1995 - 2003
Handled all International accounts.
Identified low performing products and
adjusted vendor orders to reflect consumer buy through
Sales accounted for 40% of company gross profit
Negotiated margin structures for all international distributors.
Coordinated US and International advertising
campaigns with multiple publications including online media.
Handled all marketing budgets for International and Domestic trade shows,

Education
(Business Economics) San Diego State University