
                                    Peter Rivera Rivera
                170 Camino Los Flamboyanes, Sabanera del Río, Gurabo PR 00778
                                         787-634-8800
                                   peter.rivera55@yahoo.com
Objective

Military professional with experience managing and producing reports, as well as disseminating tactical
information. Actively seeks additional responsibilities and resolves problems quickly and civilian workforce.
Provide twenty (20) years of experience in the areas if Recruitment. Logistic Supply & Instruction of new
enlisted personnel.

Education
1985                                               University of Puerto Rico
                                                   Bachelor of Arts
                                                   Cayey, PR

Experience

2019-2020                    Veterans Benefits Administration                    Guaynabo, PR
Intake Specialist
?  Counsel Veterans, their dependents, and beneficiaries of benefits available through the Department of
   Veterans Affairs, as well as non-VA benefits available through other organizations.
?  Identify needs of people seeking social services and refers them to appropriate non profit or
   government organizations supplying such services.
?  Experience working with computers and technical knowledge of several computer application
   programs.
?  Experience working with office equipment such as copiers, printers, multi-line telephones, etc.
?  Demonstrating knowledge of laws, a by administered by the Department of Veterans Affairs and their
   relationship to other related programs. Knowledge of federal laws, regulations and implementation
   procedures pertaining to compensation, pension and other benefits; knowledge of federal, State and
   local laws, assistance services and programs.
?  Knowledge of legal opinions rendered regarding Veterans; ability to interpret laws, guidelines,
   regulations and precedent opinions; and knowledge of electronic data processing systems.
?  Responsibility for making decisions regarding claims for a state or Federal agency, insurance
   company, employee compensation board, disability retirement, or pension program.




2014-2018                    Army National Guard                         San Juan, PR
79T Recruiting and Retention
?  Area canvas and telephone prospect to find prospects, referrals and leads. Pre-quality referrals,
   prospects and leads and current members to determine eligibility for enlistment, re-enlistment and
   update record in Recruiter Zone (RZ). Contact over 200 hundred prospects per week, to accomplish
   the mission of 18 enlistments per fiscal year. Conduct sales interviews. Counsel applicants on test
   results, options, contracts, Military Service Obligations (MSO). Prepare and conduct presentation
   about the ARNG on such topics as the role fo the ARNG, state/federal missions, features and benefits,
   employment opportunities and ARNG history. Assist the Commander and First Sergeant in executing
   the unit strength maintenance (SM) plan and attrition management program. Train first line leaders
   (FLL) in career planning recommended available programs and options. Explain ARGN opportunities
   the Soldiers and their families, research and explain available features, benefits and entitlements.
   Explains the selected reserve incentive program and the Montgomery GI Bill, Initial entry training (IET)
   requirements. Use RZ to complete and send all enlistment packets to MEPS, download leads, update
   leads and they progress, and appointments. Live scan fingerprints to determine eligibility of applicants.

2010-2014                    Language Center LAISON, Training NCO
Senior Drill Sergeant
?  Service as a Drill Sergeant in a Basic Combat (BCT) company; responsible for individual training,
   supervision and development of close to 4,000 Initial Entry Training Soldiers, responsible for ensuring
   that standards are met to provide the U.S. Army with disciplined, physically and morally fit soldiers,
   competent in warrior core tasks, who can fight and win regardless of Military Occupational Specialty
   (MOS); coordinates and integrates logistics, maintenance, safety in all platoon operations. Expert in
   military tactical and technical guide. Analyzed terrain to determine optimum equipment placement use
   to train close to 4,000 new enlisted personnel. Tracked personnel and supplies with the company.
   Sensitive items such as M-16, Protractors, Compass, Maps. Tracked and filed administrative
   paperwork and personnel folders for RSP and LC using Vulcan system (4,000 new enlisted personnel).
   Maintenance 100% accountability of all assigned equipment, to include, reflective bless, mats,
   uniforms, sensitive items. Aid superiors in the corrective including but not limited to planning,
   resourcing and execution of training. Reviewed disciplinary and other adverse actions and made
   recommendations. Planned and briefed personnel on missions run down/training schedules on
   monthly base for over 250 new enlist personnel. Physical Security charged of four (4) Government
   Vehicle, key log, etc. Strong Verbal Communications.

1993-2004                    Autos Vega                           San Juan, PR
Sales Associate
?  Determine the customer needs, answer their questions about our products and recommended the right
   solutions. Able to promptly resolve customer complaints and ensure maximum client satisfaction.
   Knowledge our product and able to determine customer need and satisfaction achieving excellent
   customer service, while consistently meeting the store's sales goals. Ensure high levels of customers
   satisfaction through excellent sales service. Assess customer's need and provide assistance and
   information on products features. Welcome customers to the store and answer their queries. Follow
   and achieve department's sales goals on a monthly, quarterly and yearly basis. "Go the extra mile to
   drive sales". Top salesman exceeding expectations of dealership. Sold 204 vehicles just in one year
   and over a 1,000 over that time frame. Maintain in-stock and presentable condition assigned areas.




                             Active Duty
Automated Logistical Specialist
?  Supervised over 40 military team members who handle over 2,600 parts and equipment worth millions
   with a consistent no-loss record. Monitored daily operations of several locations that provide logistics
   support for over 30 pilots, air crew members, and over 100 ground support technicians who operates
   and maintenance more than 100 ground vehicles. Managed warehouse and supply distribution points
   for ground vehicle parts. Developed database to track parts usage and distribution of Aviation
   Intensive Management Items (AIMI). Developed streamlined procedures for shipment of aircraft parts
   during Gulf War reducing delivery time from 10 to 30 days reducing delinquency from customers.
   Instruct warehouse personnel in loading, unloading, segregation, palletizing and selection of stock and
   storage areas. Perform property disposal storage functions. Ensure application of special procedures
   for handling, storing, packaging and shipping retrograde material. Retrieves and analyzes history and
   activity files pertinent to system rejected documents. Recommended additions and deletions to
   authorized stock age list. Maintains accounting records of property disposal activity. Review requests
   for major and controlled items. Reconcile activity records for monthly and quarterly reporting and
   status reviews. Processes, data inquiry and manager referred listings and cards. Manages controlled
   critical and reserve stocks and operational readiness floats. Perform financial management functions.
   Process output from catalog inquiry program, document modifiers and special cancellation requests.
   Performs commissary store functions to include stock replenishment, price changes, inventories,
   security, and stock receipt and oversees the constructions of displays. Computes cost of the Basic
   Daily Food Allowance. Ensures subsistence items stock age objectives are met. Prepares reports on
   labor and equipment, available storage space, relocation of material, warehouse refusals and stock
   requirements. Direct correction of location survey discrepancies. Assist unit intermediate maintenance
   personnel in planning maintenance program.    Plans and coordinate subsistence supply activity.
   Direct corrective action to minimize spoilage, flavor contamination and improper warehouse practices.
   Perform SAMS-E duties in automated application. Simplifies and standardizes the collection and use o
   maintenance data. Improve readiness management and visibility by providing equipment status and
   asset data. Raise the quality and accuracy of performance, cost, backlog, man-hour, and parts data

through improved maintenance management.

Skills & Abilities

   ?   Effective Team Leader
   ?   Weapons training on small arms
   ?   Versatile Management
   ?   Conflict Resolution
   ?   Team Leader
   ?   Problem Solver and Results Oriented
   ?   Proficient in RZ/ARRIS/Vulcan
   ?   Critical Thinking

?  Secret Security Clearance
?  Effective Time Management
?  Troubleshooting
?  Quick Learner
?  Adapt Multi-Tasked
?  Strong Verbal Communication
?  Bilingual (English and Spanish)


