



de Freitas, Tony    Cell: 832-545-3454    Littleton, CO    tony_defreitas@hotmail.com

Relevant Capabilities:
    *      Managing enterprise teams of employees and contractors
    *      Implements waterfall as well as agile project management methodology
    *      Proficient on leading software development and infrastructure projects
    *      Proficient in business and technical analysis
    *      Skillful delivery of improved results managing inherited troubled projects
    *      Proficient in Planview Enterprise, MS Project, and Rally

Certifications and Education
    *      Project Management Professional (PMP速), Project Management Institute (PMI速)
    *      PMI Agile Certified Practitioner (PMI-ACP速), Project Management Institute (PMI)
    *      Certified Scrum Master (CSM), Scrum Alliance
    *      IT Infrastructure Library (ITIL速) v3 Foundation, EXIN
    *      BBA - Economics, Texas State University, San Marcos, Texas
    *      MBA - MIS, Wilmington University, 2016

Technical Summary:
    *      Extensive experience in managing enterprise projects through all phases of the life cycle.
    *      In-depth knowledge and experience in cost management, time management, risk management, and
      integration management.
    *      Experienced in IT project budget analysis, outsourcing strategies, and contract management.
    *      Experience in project oversight and independent validation & verification.
    *      Strong technical background in systems architecture, database design, and network
      administration.
    *      Proven ability to deliver high quality IT products and services on schedule and under budget.
    *      Excellent interpersonal skills in communications, client relations, and negotiation

Professional Experience:
October 2015 - Present, Associated Veterans, LLC., Senior Project Manager
Denver, Colorado
    *      Provides key cybersecurity project management support at the U.S. Department of the Interior
      (DOI).
    *      Manages an extensive remediation initiative involving all departments of DOI.
    *      Effectively manages the Interconnection Security Agreement (ISA) Overhaul effort, which is
      highly visible and involves all privacy, network, and security groups at DOI.
    *      Delivers robust support for the MAJOR DATA CENTER ASSESSMENT INITIATIVE under the Information
      Assurance Policy, Architecture, Training and Risk Management (IAPATRM) Branch Chief. Involves
      inventory and security assessment of all DOI data centers.
    *      Stood up a MS Project Server instance and established reporting/governance process for the
      cybersecurity program office.
November 2013 - October 2015, Ciber, Inc., Project Manager/PM Practice Lead
Washington DC
    *      Delivered impactful and high quality project management of several initiatives concurrently at
      AARP. All bodies of work were at the enterprise level, touching stakeholders nationwide and
      had a wide breadth of technical products/services.
    *      Led a team of Project Managers on PMO continuous improvement and maturity efforts. Acted as a
      PM mentor, provided training, and ensured overall PMO governance.
    *      Successfully drove the GlobalFit Rollout, Teradata Upgrade, Blackboard, and Major Gifts CRM
      projects to early closeout within budget with vast stakeholder/sponsor acceptance.
    *      Managed three large PeopleSoft projects with widespread positive impact to all AARP employees
      and customers, which included HRMS, FMS, and ERP components.
         *      The HCM 9.2 Upgrade from at AARP was by far the largest ERP initiative that had duration
           of ten months. The high level scope entailed HCM and FSCM upgrade from version 8.9 to
           version 9.2 with 8.53 Tools.
              *      Modules included: Workforce administration & benefits, e-performance management,
                E-learning, Talent management, compensation (custom), and Time & Labor
         *      Another PeopleSoft project managed entailed fixing an issue where employees were unable
           to have multiple managers needed for reporting structure and alignment between FMS and
           HRMS.
June 2012 - November 2013, Business Operational Concepts, LLC, Project Manager
Washington DC
    *      Managed numerous highly visible and high priority technical efforts at the Office of Personnel
      Management (OPM).
    *      Project portfolio included distributed and mainframe data center infrastructure and software
      initiatives. Managed highly complex technical efforts across various line offices.
    *      Consistently drove results throughout all concurrently managed projects. Advised and provided
      reports to C level executives daily to support agency IT decisions.
September 2010 - May 2012, Ambit Group, Project Manager
Washington DC
    *      Managed the NOAA Service Delivery Improvement Project.
         *      Shaped Transition Plan, collaborated with project sponsors to achieve desired end state,
           and transformed IT service delivery.
    *      Provided technical and project management support for the NESDIS Telecommunications
      Architecture and Tools Project.
         *      Established a Telecom baseline and corresponding telecom network diagram.
    *      Provided critical support for a nationwide, highly visible/impactful Veterans Affairs project.
         *      Worked with customers, users and technical leads in analyzing, designing, and
           implementing modifications and/or enhancements to the VA's Computerized Patient Record
           System (CPRS).
         *      Coordinated product backlog refinement and prioritization of requirements with all
           stakeholders.
    *      Provided technical and project management support for the NWS Telecom Gateway Architecture
      project.
         *      Facilitated stakeholder interviews, conducted research, and held technical forums to
           accurately capture business needs/requirements.
         *      Provided technical input into the design of the gateway.
    *      Provided technical and project management support for the NWS Active Directory Modernization
      project.
         *      Provided technical input into the requirements and design of the NWS AD.
         *      Built the NWS AD test bed environment from the ground up.
October 2004 - November 2009, Amidee Capital Group, Inc., IT Manager
Houston, Texas
    *      Planned, implemented and managed capital projects at commercial properties. Designed,
      installed and maintained the corporate information systems. Procured hardware and software;
      allocated tools and resources to support computer systems, servers, routers and phone systems.
    *      Established an in-house software development and printing operation that drastically cut
      operational costs.
    *      Managed a team of programmers and graphic artists to produce and maintain web sites and
      printed materials for marketing campaigns and corporate communications.
    *      Implemented waterfall as well as agile project management methodology to coordinate multiple
      concurrent projects and enhance communications between the clients and employees.
    *      Ensured a great level of transparency with Scrum managed projects; all aspects of the process
      affecting the outcome were visible to all stakeholders. A clear product backlog was defined
      with the product owner/company owner on project planning phases.
    *      On a number of web development projects, held daily scrum meetings with my team demonstrating
      clear lines of responsibilities and team accountability.
    *      The agile methodology implemented on development projects proved extremely effective at
      keeping projects on track meeting primary stakeholder's expectations. Having a sprint review
      and sprint retrospective helped us adapt to changing stakeholders needs at our subsequent
      sprint planning meeting.
    *      Planned and managed the relocation of our corporate offices. This project included office
      renovation, facilities planning and establishment of the complete infrastructure.
    *      Employed expertise in software development, spreadsheets and databases to develop and
      customize analytical models.
    *      Designed and supported IT infrastructure of the broker dealership sister company.
    *      Administered three exchange servers with tight security inside an enterprise firewall.




