



CHRIS MODENBACH
4689 West 148th ST
Cleveland, OH 44135
216-235-7385
cmodenbach@modernerarecruiting.com

OBJECTIVE: I have over 25 years of high level consistent sales production. Extensive cold calling
and account development selling services and/or products. My goal is to obtain a challenging and
rewarding position in sales or management, with the opportunity for growth in the organization.


EXPERIENCE

ABC Motor Credit Bedford,OH
Sales Representative July 2017- Current
Handle the sales of pre-owned vehicles and service contracts. Sell vehicles to nontraditional
buyers and handle contracts and financial paperwork. Extensive cold calling and building customer
relationships. Have consistently sold 20+ cars a month-Achieved 200% of quota.

Modern Era Recruiting Cleveland,OH
Owner January 2009-Dec 2019
Handled the sales of high level/executive recruiting services. Worked in the technical field with
software/hardware system VAR's. Specialized in Data Collection/Plant-oil/gas. Extensive cold
calling. Ran a small contingency firm. My firm averaged $500k in billing every year.

MedTek Group San Antonio,TX
Executive Recruiter May 2007-January 2009
Handled the sales of high level/executive recruiting services. Worked in the technical field with
software/hardware system VAR's Extensive cold calling, client/candidate interaction, and problem
solving. Top sales producer every year-300% of quota.

Vendome Group Cleveland,OH
Regional Sales Executive August 2005-May 2007
Handled the publication sales for a major health care journal. Involved heavy cold calling and
account development. Worked with the editorial & production staffs to create the magazine. Involved
problem solving and some editorial writing. Was the top sales producer of customer ads.

Guide Book Publishing ST Louis,MO
Regional Sales Manager September 2003-August 2005
Handled the coordination of sales efforts for the Great Lakes Region. Extensive cold calling and
problem solving. Sold and established relationships with the major churches getting them to enter
into agreements with our publishing firm.

Atlantic Tech Services Richfield,OH
Regional Sales Manager January 2001-September 2003
Handled the sales of mid-range computer hardware and maintenance contracts, mainly to Fortune 500
firms. Extensive account development and turnkey selling. Required dealing with Hewlett Packard and
IBM mid-range systems and numerous printer lines.

Lowry Computer Solon,OH
Account Executive January 1997-January 2001
Handled the sales of bar coding and data collection equipment and maintenance contracts
to automotive tier suppliers. Extensive account development and turnkey selling. Sold an extensive
line of manufacturers bar coding (printers & software) and data collection equipment (data terminals
& RF).

Telsource Corp Strongsville,OH
Account Distribution Manager January 1993-January 1997
Handled the sales of telecommunications (Wide Area Networks) and maintenance contracts to
distributors. Handled key relationships in the U.S West and S.W Bell Regions. Sold equipment and
contracts to large end users.


EDUCATION
Kent State University Kent,OH May 1991
B.B.A (MKTG/Transportation & Logistics Management Major)-3.6 GPA

Cleveland State University Cleveland,OH December 1992
M.B.A (Marketing/Mgmt. Concentration-3.5 GPA


REFERENCES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST

