

M MELISSA JADICK

J




CONTACT

5869604039

melissajadick@aol.com

43825 Bayview Ave, clinton
township, Michigan 48038




PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY


Self-starting, sales-oriented
Loan Officer with competitive
nature, adaptability, and good
listening skills. Able to
understand needs of clients
and provide loan products and
services meeting personal
targets. Motivated to build
pipeline and book of business
built on customer service,
customer retention, and
customer referrals.




SKILLS


Customer relations
Public speaking
Collaboration
Teamwork
Loan application
management
Complete loan applications
Creative thinking
Verbal communication

EXPERIENCE

LOAN ORIGINATOR NMLS #2118739 Feb 2021 - Current
Stratford Funding , Franklin , Mi
I recently rentered the workforce and becoming licensed as a Loan
Originator in Michigan. I rejoined the company after they close their
doors in 2009, and reopened in 2019. I have taking on new lead
appointments, networking with past clients, created
MortgageMissy.com , and working a weekly podcast. These are also
successfully completed for my daily tasks:
Gained knowledge of products and programs offered to educate
clients about various product solutions.
Took applications and collected income and asset documentation
to enable underwriting and prompt loan decisions.
Assisted clients through loan application process cycle through
closing.
Counseled prospects on available finance options matching current
needs.

STAY AT HOME MOM Oct 2009 - Feb 2021
Melissa Jadick, clinton township, Michigan
Stay home to care for my children. My husband traveled a lot with his
job, so this was a full time position for me.

LOAN ORIGINATOR Oct 2001 - Oct 2009
Stratford Funding , Southfield , Mi
I have over 15 years in the mortgage industry, in which 10 years I
worked as a Loan Officer. My goal has always been to successfully
gain trust of my clients by helping them make smart mortgage
choices. I was a regular host on the Stratford Funding weekly radio
show where I answered questions on "Mortgage. Networking and
Client Development is where I tend excel the most. Here are some
examples of what helped me maintain a successful book of business:
Counseled prospects on available finance options matching current
needs.
Reviewed loan agreements for completeness and accuracy.
Took applications and collected income and asset documentation
to enable underwriting and prompt loan decisions.
Gained knowledge of products and programs offered to educate
clients about various product solutions.
Assisted clients through loan application process cycle through
closing.
Complied with company quality standards and applicable
regulations governing financing.
Met with clients to complete application documentation, answer



their questions and resolve any concerns or complaints.
Maintained solid referral pipelines to keep up consistent stream of
prospective customers.

