
Laura O. Teran

505 E. LUKE DR.
PAYON, AZ 85541
(602) 672-0390
loteran@yahoo.com




Objective

To obtain work with a company that can use my skills, and potential. In the areas of friendly, and
timely customer service, as well as working with a team that will help create a stronger workforce
together. I'm committed to anything I set my mind to, I'm not afraid to ask for help and I encourage
constructive criticism, I want to better myself any chance I can, to gain more knowledge to excel in a
company that has room for growth. I also challenge myself any chance I get to learn new techniques
to add proficiency to my work.

Experience

October 2013- DEcember 2013 & September 2019 - PRESENT
Beeline Cafe, Payson, AZ  - Server

    *   Communication skills (with customer)
    *   Managing money
    *   Working with others to complete a job/project (or table)
    *   Appreciate those I work for (managers), and those that work under me (that I tip out)
    *   Being able to handle stressful situations
    *   Abe to delegate responsibilities

January 2006- November 2007 & November 2014 -March 2016
National Bank of Arizona, Payson, AZ   - Teller

    *   Assisted customers with account transactions, related to paying and receiving items while
        being proficient with the companies account system, and finding customers using their
        account number.
    *   Performed a variety of duties in promoting, referring, and cross selling bank services to new
        and existing customers, utilizing the internet, and company website.
    *   Ability to count money efficiently and make calculations to balance transactions.
    *   Handled more than $5,000 in cash a day, balanced personal cash drawer daily, and finalized
        daily transactions. Ordered the cash needed for the vault, and ATM machine.
    *   Answered incoming phone calls from customers and assisted them accordingly.




                                                                                                  2




January 2014 - November 2014
Pinon Cafe, Payson, AZ  - Server

    *   Served customers accordingly
    *   Worked with other coworkers to ensure the restaurant ran smoothly
    *   Managed the cash register
    *   Handled stressful situations, always making sure our customers were satisfied
    *   Delegated responsibilities, as well as completed daily tasks

April 2001-July 2003 ( during game season only Tucson Sidewinders Ballpark, Tucson, AZ-Kids Corner Team member


    *   Set up obstacle courses, jumping castles, and kid rides, that occupied children's time during
        the baseball games
    *   Managed cash register, selling tickets for rides, enthusiastically sold game programs ro
        entering customers
    *   Sold baseball souvenirs in the team shop, assisted customers in locating souvenir items




Education

Payson High School (Diploma 2005), Payson, AZ




Relevant Experience

Through the different job experiences I've had it has taught me to speak with customers and deal
with stressful situations which has bettered my customer service skills. I've also learned to cross sell
items, and better understand which products would benefit customers more. I was also responsible
for handling large amounts of money, and I've learned to order correct amounts needed for
inventory for the vault to keep the bank running, kept the ATM filled, and received from and
counted back cash with customers, and verified large cash deposits. I took a week long class of
teller training that gave me knowledge of the program the bank used to process transactions. I have
had experience using Microsoft programs, sending emails, google programs, and social media apps,
as well as some experience using a multi-line phone system.




References:



Steve Baldwin
        2529 W. Camino de las Grutas
        Tucson, AZ
        (520)991-3195
        Business Owner
        Known: 20+ years




Deanna Ruiz
        859 W. Calle Ranunculo
        Tucson, AZ 85704
        (520)304-3228
        Business Owner
        Known: 19+ years


Alma Carrasco
        6815 S. Paseo de las Agilas
        Tucson, AZ 85746
        (520)609-4335 (Monday & Tuesdays only)
        Correctional Officer
        Known: 11+ years

