
TIERRA GARRETT

                           8143 South Peoria Street, Chicago, IL 60620
                                      garrett.tierra@yahoo.com
                                          Ph: 13128105974

SKILLS                                    Customer and Personal            Active Listening
                                          Service
                                          Speaking                         English Language
                                          Judgment and Decision            Monitoring
                                          Making
                                          Mathematics                      Computers and
                                                                           Electronics
                                          Active Learning                  Public Safety and
                                                                           Security
                                          Food Production

EXPERIENCE                         Cashier, Dec 2018-Feb 2019
                                   J J Fish, South Bend, IN
                                          Bagged food for customers
                                          handled money / Cashier
                                          also Cleaned

                                   Cashier, Oct 2018-Dec 2018
                                   Meijer, Mishawaka, IN
                                          Establish and maintain relationships with individual or
                                          business customers or provide assistance with
                                          problems these customers may encounter.
                                          Oversee the flow of cash or financial instruments.
                                          Review reports of securities transactions or price lists
                                          to analyze market conditions.

                                   Cashier / Sales Floor, Feb 2017-Aug 2018
                                   Target , Chicago, IL
                                          Answer customers' questions about merchandise and
                                          advise customers on merchandise selection.
                                          Take inventory or examine merchandise to identify
                                          items to be reordered or replenished.
                                          Pack customer purchases in bags or cartons.
                                          Stock shelves, racks, cases, bins, and tables with new
                                          or transferred merchandise.
                                          Stamp, attach, or change price tags on merchandise,
                                          referring to price list.
                                          Receive, open, unpack and issue sales floor




                                          merchandise.
                                          Clean display cases, shelves, and aisles.
                                          Design and set up advertising signs and displays of
                                          merchandise on shelves, counters, or tables to attract
                                          customers and promote sales.
                                   * Handled money and make sure all cash drawers was
                                   correct .

                                   Cashier / Cook, Feb 2017-May 2018
                                   Wendy's, Chicago, IL
                                          Count money and make bank deposits.
                                          Schedule and receive food and beverage deliveries,
                                          checking delivery contents to verify product quality and
                                          quantity.
                                          Maintain food and equipment inventories, and keep
                                          inventory records.
                                          Perform some food preparation or service tasks such
                                          as cooking, clearing tables, and serving food and drinks
                                          when necessary.
                                          Oversee the flow of cash or financial instruments.

EDUCATION                          High School Diploma , Jun 2012
                                   Percy L. Julian High School, Chicago, IL
                                          GPA 3.7.
                                          Awarded, Most Likely to Succeed.
                                          Member, Debate Club and Band.