
117A Brighton Avenue
Perth Amboy, NJ 0886
juny_v@yahoo.com
Home 732-826-1278
Cell 912-247-2073
Other 732-661-6899

жжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжжж

OBJECTIVE
A position in a results-oriented company
that seeks an ambitious and career conscious person,
 where acquired skills and education will be
 utilized toward continued growth and advancement.

    EXPERIENCE
    International Techno dine Corporation		Edison, N.J.
    Material Handler		Dec 2005 - Present
Responsible for all shipping and receiving, verifying all
packing list with invoices and dispatching all raw
materials to production.  Keeping inventories, physically
and computerized up to date.  Conducted transfers to other
ITC warehouses and all corresponding paper work.
In charge of the cycle counts and also
verifying all material requests thru computerized system.

Cordis Johnson and Johnson		San German, P.R.
Production Handler		Nov 2004 - Dec 2005
Maintained physical inventory of all raw material and
merchandise also computerized inventory using barcode
system.  Account and reflect all invoices to purchase
orders, restocked inventory as per company standard of operations.

Coach Leatherwear International		Lares, P.R.
Shipping and Receiving Lead Clerk		Jul 1996 - Aug 2004
Verified and maintained records on incoming and outgoing shipments as well as
preparing items for shipping. Accounted for Bills of
Lading, invoices, orders and other records to determine
shipping priorities. Maintained and applied the business
and shipping vendor software as it pertained to the area of
responsibility, evaluated and answered
shipping related complaints and recommended disposition.

EDUCATION
BS, Accounting - Interamerican University of Puerto Rico 73 credit hrs. completed
OSHA certified forklift driver.

SKILLS
Bilingual, fluent on both, English and Spanish languages,
knowledgeable on electric pallet jacks, cherry picker,
stand up and sit down forklifts, single and double
reach-outs, etc. Highly knowledgeable of all
facets of Shipping and Receiving with exceptional performance.

Additional References available upon request.