
Veteran's Preference: Yes, Schedule A Letter
Clearance: Secret


PROFILE
Dedicated professional with more than eight years experience in Public Affairs, Journalism, Photography, Media Relations
and Communications for the United States Marine Corps and other agencies. Extensive experience working with
international military and media organizations. Proven ability to lead, motivate and train in civilian or military atmosphere.


QUALIFICATIONS
. Excellent communication skills with great ability to interact with subordinates, supervisors and customers.
. Directed and coordinated activities of personnel engaged in selecting, gathering, and editing news and news
photographs in remote location or foreign country and transmitting to home office of Okinawa Marine newspaper or press
syndicate; also Facebook, Twitter, Flickr and Marines.mil.
. Complete a story package from beginning to end, including discovery of idea, subject matter experts, imagery, structure
of story and layout for publishing.
. Business and management principles involved in strategic planning, resource allocation, human resources modeling,
leadership technique, production methods, and coordination of people and resources.

. Expert knowledge of film/digital cameras and their respective functions including: aperture, shutter speed, and camera
focus based on a combination of factors such as lighting, field depth, subject motion, film type, and film speed; also misc
camera equipment such as tripods, fil


ters, and flash attachments.
. Accountability for over $300,000 worth of camera/video equipment.

. Establish/maintained cooperative relationships with representatives of community, consumer, employee, or public
interest groups.
. Extensive experience working with international military and media organizations from more than 15 foreign countries
that reached an audience of more than 3.7 billion people during this timeframe.
. Ensures activities of civilian media/journalists and other official visitors are conducted following the security regulations.
. Cultivate and nurture positive relations with various local, national, international, and trade media including print,
electronic, and new media.
. Assigned personnel to obtain stories, photographs, and recordings of events for use and release as internal and external
information.

. Importance of a deadline. As a correspondent I was responsible for producing 3-4 stories per week, with a 24 hour turn
around after coverage.


CAREER ACHIEVEMENTS
. Promoted to Central Bureau Chief; directed the weekly newspaper publication , Okinawa Marine in Okinawa, Japan;
supervised 13 Marines' in their daily duties and responsibilities.

. Created three levels of photography courses which I teach beginner, intermediate and advanced photography to more
than 20 Border Patrol Agents within the Information and Communications Division.
. Marine Magazine photo of the year for 2011.

. Humanitarian Service Award- For efforts during Operation Tomodachi (humanitarian operation by the U.S. Armed
Forces after the earthquake/tsunami disaster in Northern Japan.
. Navy Meritorious Unit Commendation-For my contributions to various operations in the Pacific region from 2009-2011.




. Meritorious Mast- For my volunteer work with multiple Joint-military color guard detail throughout Maryland and
Washington DC area.
. Certificate of Commendation- For actions and work during Operation Tomodachi.
. Published on multiple networks including: news networks, magazines, newspapers and websites worldwide. (ex. Marine
Corps Magazine, Leatherneck, Marine Times, Marines.mil, Army.mil, AF.mil, Defense Video and Imagery Distribution
System, Navy.mil, CNN, military.com, Bangkok Post(Kingdom of Thailand), Xinhua News(China), Vale (Brazil magazine),
Japan Times)




PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

US Border Patrol, San Diego, CA Public Affairs Intern &     Apr 2012 - July 2012 Photography Instructor


US Marine Corps, Okinawa, Japan Public Affairs/Combat Correspondent          Dec 2008 - Jun 2012


Self Employed Graphics Artist, Marketing Specialist Feb 2006 - Present




COMMUNITY LEADERSHIP
Sign Into Society, San Diego, CA Founder/Homeless Advocate          Dec 2011 - Present

Transitional Safe Zone, San Diego, CA Committee Member          Feb 2012 - Present


EDUCATION

Defense Information School, Ft. Meade, MD          Apr 2009 - Oct 2009
Marine Corps Recruit Training, San Diego, CA       Dec 2008 - Feb 2009
Layton High School, Layton, UT       Aug 2000 - Jun 2003


REFERENCES
Christopher Cox

U.S. Marine Corps
Master Sergeant
504.208.6810

gunnycox@gmail.com


Jerry L. Wright

U.S. Marine Corps
Master Sergeant
011-81-611-745-9130

jerry.l.wright@usmc.mil


Steven Pitts

U.S. Border Patrol
Supervisory Agent




Information and Communication Division

619.216.4254


-30-

