
MARIA LUCASSEN
10300 Orange Court
954-655 5702
Pembroke Pines, FL 33026
MariaHJ.Lucassen@gmail.com
http://www.linkedin.com/in/mlucassen427


STAFF ACCOUNTANT

Self-motivated and pro-active accounting professional with over 4 years
experience in financial reporting and accounting. Demonstrated success in
applying organizational and analytical skills effectively to monitor
General Ledger processes and improve accounting methods and
reconciliations. Eager to accept responsibilities beyond immediate job
duties and to take on special projects at management's request.

KEY COMPETENCIES

General Ledger Accounting        Bank Reconciliations        Month-end
Closing Activities
Operating Leases Reconciliation    Fixed Asset Accounting    Income Tax
Preparation Chargebacks/Rebates         Forecasts            Team
Building & Leadership

SOFTWARE

Microsoft Word, Excel, Power Point, Access, SAP, Business Intelligence
Software, TM1,  Oracle, Hyperion, Amos-D, NVS Reservation system, Macola,
AS400 Accounting, Internet research.

EDUCATION

Master of Accounting, Florida Atlantic University, Boca Raton, FL

Bachelor of Business Administration, Major: Accounting, Florida Atlantic
University, Davie, FL

Bachelor of Arts, Major: Hotel Management, Hotel Management School,
Maastricht, the Netherlands

ACHIEVEMENTS

* Administered capitalization of overdue shipboard capital projects from
  2007, 2008 and 2009 within first three months on the job.
* Developed automated procedure for posting of inter-company balances
  reducing the time taken to completion by 50%.
* Corrected outstanding items older than 1 year on cash and inter-company
  reconciliations maintaining accurate and up-to-date schedules.
* Collaborated with controller of a newly acquired division to customize
  bank reconciliations enabling  a smooth transition.

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

SEABOURN CRUISE LINE, Miami, FL
2010-2011
Senior Financial Analyst

   * Conducted monthly closing activities, including accrual entries,
     balance sheet reconciliations, forecasts and provided formal report
     about variances to management.
   * Monitored Capital Expenditure requests for shipboard capital
     projects versus annual budget and prepared adjusting journal entries
     to capitalize overdue projects from 2007, 2008 and 2009.
   * Reviewed dry dock expenditures and reconciled dry dock budget
     workbook ensuring only valid invoices were accounted.
   * Prepared weekly forecast for Repair & Maintenance expenses accounts,
     analyzed results and recommended adjustments for technical purchase
     orders.

Seabourn Cruise Line has moved its headquarters to Seattle on March 31,
2011 to join Holland America Line as part of a reorganization plan.


SOUTHERN WINE & SPIRITS, Miramar, FL
2007-2010
Staff Accountant

* Resolved outstanding items on cash and inter-company reconciliations
  through diligent follow-up resulting in only the most current items
  being listed.
* Developed automated procedure using Excel for posting of inter-company
  balances between corporate and the divisions reducing the time taken to
  completion by 50%.
* Submitted complex bank reconciliations involving several depository
  bank accounts that were accurate and did not require correction.
* Worked collaboratively with controller of a newly acquired division to
  set up bank reconciliations and provided training of related company
  accounting procedures to ensure a smooth transition.
* Administered Fixed Asset postings and monthly reconciliations, set up
  of amortization for prepaid expenses and monthly schedules, and
  analyzed operating leases for several divisions.

SOUTH AMERICAN AIRWAYS INC., Miami, FL
2006-2007 Administration Manager

* Reorganized accounting administration for small air cargo business of 2
  million revenue increasing efficiency of AP processes.
* Instrumental in establishing Section 125 Employee Benefit Plan for
  small business and improvement of all other company benefits.

BOCA PHARMACAL INC., Coral Springs, FL
2005-2006
Accounts Payable Accountant

* Responsible for computing chargeback rebates for sold products required
  by State Medicaid Rebate program administration and reducing the
  requests for adjustments and late payments.
* Supervised return authorization requests and issued credit memo's.
* Processed all sales invoices, and handled full cycle of accounts
  payable accounting.

SUNAIR ELECTRONICS INC., Fort Lauderdale, FL
Apr. - Sep. 2005
Accounting Coordinator (Temporary position)

* Conducted various Accounts Payable duties in AS400, performed check
  run, reported state sales tax.
* Administered cash receipts, posting and balancing Accounts receivable
  entries, collected overdue invoices.

LANGUAGES

Fluent in Dutch and German, conversational in French.

MEMBERSHIPS AND ACTIVITIES

* Florida Institute of CPAs, American Woman Society of CPA's
* Volunteer Income Tax Assistance program of the IRS: 2006, 2007, 2008,
  2009, 2010, 2011
* Toastmasters International: member since November 2007, Competent
  Communicator and Advanced  Leader Bronze certificates, Past Treasurer,
  and Past VP of Education
* Working toward obtaining CPA certification in 2011