
Stephanie M. Sykes
stephaniemsykes@gmail.com
1025 Colin Drive *Royersford, PA 19468 *(610) 906-7959

SUMMARY

A confident and enthusiastic Professional who:
   * Possesses a great deal of aptitude and has the capacity to complete
     multiple projects simultaneously in a variety of industries.
   * Is a dynamic writer, with an ability to draft documents from simple
     business letters to complex proposals submitted to Fortune 500
     Companies.
   * Has a great deal of experience in facilitating and maintaining all
     communication with clients, medical providers, insurance carriers
     and opposing counsel.
   * Goes above and beyond to meet deadlines and accomplish goals.
   * Facilitates and maintains all communications with executives and
   clients of various levels.


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE


AMERICAN EXECUTIVE CENTERS, Plymouth Meeting, PA            2008-Present
Paralegal/Executive Assistant, Business Support Services
Assist top level executives, entrepreneurs, attorneys and other clients,
as needed, with a full range of legal, marketing and administrative
tasks.  Some examples include, but are not limited to:
    Alfred M. Abel, Esquire
    Paralegal (Bankruptcy, Diminished Value and Personal Injury
    Practice)
    * Facilitated and maintained client communication
    * Administered bankruptcy questionnaire and assisted clients with
    completion
    * Extracted information from questionnaire to input into EZ Filing
    program

The ATENTO Group
Marketing Coordinator, ATENTO USA (World's third largest BPO)
         * Prepared responses to RFQs, RFIs and RFPs in accordance with
           deadlines
         * Oversaw the entire proposal process and ensured receipt of
           documents from global ATENTO locations
         * Facilitated and maintained all correspondence with various
           Fortune 500 companies
         * Provided support to various ATENTO locations worldwide,
           including but not limited to, writing material for the global
           marketing department and proof-reading documents
         * Lead Generation
         * Drafted and revised Non-Disclosure Agreements and Letters of
         Intent
         * Provided support to CEO, as well as Global Chairman, including
         making travel, meeting arrangements and compiling expense
         reports

Kreithen Baron & Carpey, P.C.
Paralegal (Plaintiff's Personal Injury Practice)
   * Drafted correspondence to clients, medical providers, insurance
     companies and opposing counsel
   * Drafted all documents related to Litigation process, including
     Complaints, Discovery, etc.
   * Filed documents with the local courts
   * Prepared medical summaries, obtain missing medical records and
   prepare settlement packages

Reidenbach & Associates, LLC
Paralegal (Condominium Association Practice)
   * Drafted Wills and Powers of Attorney
   * Prepared Writs of Summons, Garnishment and Execution and Filed Same
   with Courts in Delaware, Montgomery and Philadelphia Counties

Sheintoch Todd, P.C.
Paralegal (Mortgage Foreclosure Practice)
         * Prepared and filed:
         Writ of Execution Packages
         Motions for Alternative Service
         Confessions of Judgment
         Mortgage Foreclosure Complaints
         * Prepared 3129.1 Notices and sent them to homeowners and all
         creditors

Theodor Wille Intertrade
(End-to-end procurement and logistics service provider and supply chain
leader for government, military and commercial customers in highly
challenging environments)
         * Proof-read and edited highly complex proposals pertaining to
           U.S. Military commodity provisions.
         * Made travel arrangements for executives traveling from Dubai
           and Switzerland to the U.S.

UNITED INVESTMENT PROPERTIES, Exton, PA
2005-2008
Executive Assistant
Answered phones, facilitated and maintained correspondence with tenants
and revised commercial leases.  Maintained office database with tenant
information and conducted research on available real estate, as well as
trends within the market.

BROWNSTEIN, VITALE & WEISS, P.C., Philadelphia, PA
2003-2005
Paralegal
Facilitated and maintained client communications. Communicated with
medical providers and insurance adjusters on a consistent basis.
Assembled and distributed all files for settlement.  Coordinated
depositions, independent medical examinations and client meetings for the
attorneys. Attended client meetings and independent medical examinations,
maintained client database.  Dictation and administrative duties.

MILBERG WEISS, LLP, Philadelphia, PA                             2002
Marketing Assistant
Managed distribution of marketing materials to prospective clients and
provided periodic updates to notify clients of possible litigation cases.
Coordinated large conference calls.  Reviewed client stock portfolios.
Wrote letters and distributed case material to clients.  Coordinated
event planning for a large meeting with Pennsylvania's Governor, Ed
Rendell.  Managed daily calendars of two litigation attorneys. Maintained
and updated client database.

EDUCATION
Villanova University - May 2008
Paralegal Certification with an ABA accredited program

Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania - May 2002
Bachelor of Arts: Mass Communications; Concentration: Advertising &
Public Relations
GPA in major: 3.67    Dean's List
COMPUTER SKILLS

Proficient in Microsoft Office 2007(Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint & Word)
and Abacus

REFERENCES

Available Upon Request