

THOMAS LOPEZ

162 College Avenue, Britton, MI 49229
734 928 5085
thomas.lopez16@hotmail.com


Professional Summary
Accomplished and energetic Manufacture Engineer with a solid history of achievement in manufacturing
Supervision. Motivated leader with strong organizational and prioritization abilities. Very goal
oriented. Areas of expertise include developing team members, implementing improvement ideas and
leadership skills.
Skills
 *       Micro Soft Office     *       Google Suites
 *       SAP ARIBA     *       Rockware
 *       Itelliworks     *      Auto-Cad 2019
 *       Industrial Sewing Machine (Pffaf, Durkopp Adler, Juki, Consew)
 *      ADP Payroll Systems
 *      Excel Data Analysis and Business modeling software
 *      Integrated in Six Sigma and Kaizen mythology
 *      Ford Certificate Green Belt


Experience:

MANUFACTURE PROCESS COACH  May 2021- Current
FORD Motor Company F150 ASSEMBLY/ Dearborn, Michigan, USA
Insure all OSHIM safety standards are followed as mandated and immediate resolution to
non-conforming issues.
Supervise 45 Union operators in a high volume fast paced union environment.
Participate in weekly kaizen production evaluation meeting on process improvements.
Monitor Andon production board to maintain production through-put and eliminate downtime.
Managed operators' hours, PTO, and attendance thru two's payroll system.
Coach operators on operator instruction standards and complete standardized work evaluation on new
hires.
Daily start up meetings with team leaders to review KPI metrics that evaluated previous days through
put, quality concerns and top downtime issues.
Settled operator grievance according to Current Bargaining Agreement (CBA).




MANUFACTURE ENGINEER/PRODUCTION SUPERVISOR      Aug 2013 - Dec 2020
FAURECIA INTERIOR SYSTEMS - Saline, Michigan, USA
Manufacture Process Engineer/Production Supervisor for Mustang and Tesla instrument panel.
Launch team member for the Ford Mustang and Tesla Instrument panel.
After launch became Production Supervisor for Mustang and Tesla instrument panel.
Supervised 72 Union operators for the Tesla instrument panel assembly.
Supervised 32 Union operators for the Ford instrument panel assembly.
Participated in weekly Kaizen meeting with team (Plant management, Engineers, Quality, PCL and
Production Operators) for manufacture assembly improvement of the Ford explorer instrument panel.
Completed Run and Rate evaluations.
Managed the coordination of Production Part Approval Process (PPAP) of equipment prior to production
start-up.
Set up SNR start-up procedure for SNR regulated machinery.
Developed Lock-Out/Tag-Out Placards for equipment service.
Developed standardized work instruction in compliance with control plan.
Created KPI for analysis Direct Labor Efficiency (DLE), Production Development Process(PDP) and
Scrap.
Implemented Lean Six Sigma continuous improvement method to reduce process variation, waste and
cycle time.
Trained and coached operators on standardized production process.
Managed operators' hours, PTO, and attendance thru ADP payroll system.
Settled operator grievance according to Current Bargaining Agreement (CBA).




Soft Trim Engineer/ Production Supervisor       Apr 2011 - Jul 2013
Inteva Products LLC - Adrian, MI, USA
Soft Trim Engineer / Production Supervisor for GMC LAMDA Products. GMC Arcadia, Buick Enclave and
Chevy Traverse.
Launch team member for GMC LAMDA products. After launch became Production
Supervised 56 Union operators for the GMC instrument panel assembly.
Used Lean Six Sigma continuous improvement to reduce process variation, waste and cycle time.
Completed Run and Rate evaluations.
Managed the coordination of Production Part Approval Process (PPAP) of equipment prior to production
start-up.
Set up SNR start-up procedure for SNR regulated machinery.
Developed Lock-Out/Tag-Out Placards for equipment service. Developed standardized work instruction
in compliance with control plan.
Created KPI to analysis Direct Labor Efficiency (DLE), Production Development Process (PDP) and
Scrap.
Trained and coached operators on standardized production process.
Managed operators' hours, PTO, and attendance thru ADP payroll system.
Settled operator grievance according to Current Bargaining Agreement (CBA).
Reduce Required to Operate (RTO) by 12 % and Reduce scrap from 15% to 2.1%.
Cut and Sew Engineer       Jan 2007 - Feb 2011
JOHNSON CONTROLS, PLASTECH - MONROE, MICHIGAN
Provide technical expertise or support related to manufacturing. Developed soft trim cut and sew
pattern for seating and door panels.
Troubleshoot new or existing product problems involving designs, materials, or processes
Trained production personnel in new or existing methods.
Prepare documentation for new manufacturing processes or engineering procedures.
Purchase equipment, materials, or parts.

Education
Bachelor of Science: Computer Information Systems      Jan 1987
DEVRY INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY - LOMBARD, ILLINOIS


