
La Donna Blanton

Pharmacy Technician
Romulus, MI 48174
mzsblanton@att.net
(248) 605-5623

Certified Pharmacy Technician proficient in assisting Pharmacists with preparing prescriptions and
meeting customer needs. Safety-oriented and well-organized with solid experience coordinating with
insurance providers, prescribers and individuals to address issues. Good relationship-building and
multi-tasking skills.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer


Work Experience

Prior Authorization Coordinator
MedImpact   - Van Buren, MI
July 2019 to Present

Process prior authorization requests from Physicians and Pharmacists.
Verify patient information, healthcare data, prescriptions, Physician and/or Pharmacist information to
review reasons for the requests.
Analyze patient information which may include chart notes, lab results and medication history for
determination of the prior authorization.

Logistics Associate
Target - Canton, MI
November 2017 to May 2019

Assisted with unloading company's delivery trucks
Processed and sorted incoming merchandise for placement on the sales floor
Assisted in inventory management

Pharmacy Technician
Walmart Pharmacy    - Taylor, MI
November 2015 to August 2016

Ensured proper entry and processing of patients' prescriptions into internal system.
Processed and submitted insurance claims and prior authorizations
Answered incoming phone calls and addressed questions from customers and healthcare providers.
Calculated dosages, filled prescriptions and prepared prescription labels with absolute accuracy.
Processed incoming drug orders.
Stocked, labeled and inventoried medication to keep accurate records.

Optician
Walmart Vision Center  - Livonia, MI
September 2013 to June 2015

Maintained records of patient's prescriptions, work orders and payments




Performed administrative duties by answering telephones, appointment scheduling, submission of
insurance
claims, copying, filing, faxing and bookkeeping
Provided assistance to the Optometrist by pretesting the patients for their eye exams
Assisted patients in selecting eye wear that was suitable with their facial measurements and optical
prescriptions

Pharmacy Technician
Walmart Pharmacy    - Livonia, MI
October 2011 to September 2013

Ensured proper entry and processing of patients' prescriptions into internal system.
Processed and submitted insurance claims and prior authorizations
Answered incoming phone calls and addressed questions from customers and healthcare providers.
Calculated dosages, filled prescriptions and prepared prescription labels with absolute accuracy.
Processed incoming drug orders.
Stocked, labeled and inventoried medication to keep accurate records.


Education

Associate of Science
Wayne County Community College District - Detroit, MI
2012


Skills


Claims, Claims processing, Insurance claims, Inventory, Customer service, Pharmacy, Customer
relations


Certifications/Licenses

CPhT
May 2021

State Pharmacy Technician License
June 2021


Assessments

Customer Focus & Orientation - Highly Proficient
October 2019

Responding to customer situations with sensitivity.
Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_to_profile/
e3199aa29e9e0d15cb4474ca0ea2502deed53dc074545cb7




Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued
development in any professional field.

