
PROFILE
19+ years of experience in PEB and
Steel Structural solutions. Head of
International Project Management
with multi-project coordination for
technical, commercial, and other
aspects. Managing, coordinating,
and monitoring projects with
employee and client relationship.
Always committed and ready for
challenging and responsible
position with a company offering
advancement opportunities in
developing and actively utilizing my
acquired skills, abilities in
Construction and infrastructure
development of warehouse,
industrial buildings and heading
complete Operations
Management and Production.


CONTACT
PHONE:
+91 9840953722

EMAIL:

INIYAVAN.SRIRAM@GMAIL.COM

WORK EXPERIENCE

General Manager   -   Installation and Field Services
Locations: India

Dec 2021 to Till Date

    *   Heading the whole Installation Department with a team of
        project managers and site managers .
    *   Head of PAN India Projects for the company
    *   Leading the teams in front to deliver the project within the
        stipulated time schedule.
    *   Programming the organization based on the site
        requirement . Controlling the project within the Budget and within the
    *
        time frame .
    *   Motivating the team regularly to achieve the target and
        supporting them to achieve it.



Head Of Projects and Customer Service
PEB Steel Myanmar Ltd (Unit of PEB Steel Vietnam)
Locations: Myanmar

March 2019 - April 2021

    *   Reporting to the Managing Director and Leading the
        Design Manager, Estimation Manager and Commercial
        Manager of the Bid office
    *   Responsible for all the executions and erection of building
        produced and supplied from Myanmar unit.
    *   Work closely with Clients and Employees to verify the
        accuracy of any work that the Contractor's subcontractors
        are performing on a cost-plus basis.
    *   Managing Construction Managers; provides training and
        feedback to foster their growth and advancement


SKILLS

Project Mgmt.   Client Support
Motivator       Self-starter
Responsible     Accomplished
Objective       Flexible
Collaborator    Transparent
Strategic       Communicator
Results-oriented Empathetic
Energetic        Trustworthy




ACHIEVEMENTS

   *    Heading Major Projects in
        India -Headed the steel
        and structural Airport
        projects for Delhi
        International Airport and
        Bangalore airport Project
        Worth  56M USD


   *    Project Value -  12 million
        USD -Headed the steel and
        structural PEB projects for
        biggest sea food processing
        unit in Southeast Asia -
        Global Earth and Agro
        products.

   *    Kuwait Ministry of Education
        - Erected 1800MT steel
        building.

   *    Australian Aviation Project -
        Headed as PM for building
        aviation college in Kuwait
        for Kirby building systems.

    *   Work with the client and the applicant to identify projects
        that comply with the established categories of work for
        public assistance
    *   Ensure all crew members and field supervision perform work
        in a safe manner and follow all established safe work
        practices and protocols
    *   Monitor's equipment performan   ce and utilization; provides
        continuous improvement input and strategy development
    *   Work with Architect to develop preliminary scope of work
        to establish a proposed budget
    *   Technical and/or managerial expertise to improve
        effectiveness and provide guidance to employees in own
        area
    *   Assist the Owner's Project Manager in checking and
        approving the Status of Work Progress Instalments and
        contractors' applications for payment
    *   Assist project management in developing and
        implementing project procedures, working documents,
        standards, etc.
    *   General inspection of the workers and their performance,
        work plans, and safety
    *   Conceptual development and budget management of
        projects and programs (route development, estimate costs,
        plan projects, schedule projects, and mapping)
    *   Review performance against agreed objectives and take
        whatever action necessary to correct/improve the
        performance
    *   Responsible for schedules and insures the workmanship of
        all work by inspecting and approving trade partner's work




General Manager   -   PEB Division " South India"
Era Building systems( Chennai ),Tamilnadu , Karnataka,
Andhra Pradesh, Kerala

Aug 2014 - March 2019
    *   Responsible for complete Construction Development in
        South India "M anaging the Infrastructure team of all the 4
        states".
    *   Engage in planning and executing work procedures;
        schedule, manage and maintain projects coordinate
        various phases to prevent delays, and review change
        orders to ensure additional work is properly completed
    *   Contract Management, Tender Management,
        Construction Team Management, Project management,
        Resource management.
    *   Meeting with clients for their requirements and finalizing
        the drawings and specs according to their requirements
        and company norms.
    *   Managing the Production of the 4 districts based on the
        schedule .
    *   Operations Management for Construction, MEP,HVAC and
        Manufacturing .
    *   Monitor and review the performance of staff and organize
        necessary interventions for improvement.
    *   analyze production and quality control to detect and
        correct problems.


*   American Air Base -    Iraq -
    Project Head -  Building and
    building material supply for
    Kirby building systems.


*   UAE - Kirby building systems
    - Annual production
    capacity 75,000 MT- Setting
    up the PM department on
    RAS AL Khaimah.
*   Indian Armed Forces -
    Military Engineering Services
    Aircraft Hanger for MES
    Chennai -   Tambaram Site -
    Civil and PEB

*   Turnkey Project -  Clients
    Largest warehouse Building
    for EVERSENDAI India.


*   L&T - Industrial Buildings in
    Coimbatore , Chennai
    division.

*   TVS Tyres - 8 million USD
    Warehouse and Industrial
    Building for Madurai.

*   Kuwait Ministry - CTI Project
    (Sabhiya) Total 5800 MT
    total Turnkey including
    HVAC, Plumbing and Fire
    Fighting. Handled A team
    of work force contains 200
    labors and 15 foremen.

    *   Determine and implement improvements to the production
        process.
    *   Ensure efficient collaboration and co-ordination between
        relevant departments including IT admin, HR, Accounts
        and Management
    *   Confer with and direct supervisory personnel and
        subcontractors.
    *   Inspect work in progress to ensure that workmanship
        conforms to specifications and adheres to detail
        schedules.
    *   Consult with project personnel to provide technical advice
        and to resolve issues.
    *   Participating in weekly & monthly review meetings with the
        Company Owner, President, CFO
    *   Handling queries of existing as well as new clients.
    *   Travelling for business meetings.
    *   Managing the backend documentary work.
    *   Maintaining company accounts including billing/
        invoicing/ payment collection.
    *   Maintaining sales reports along with client o/s report and
        payment collection report.
    *   Updating the reports on regular basis.
    *   Doing Market Research, making strategies for sales.

Senior Regional Manager
Metco Roof Pvt Ltd -  India ( Chennai ) Tamilnadu , Andhra
Pradesh & Kerala

May 2012 to Jul 2014
    *   Managing the Entire Operations, Sales and Construction
        Team in 3 South Indian States.
    *   Coordinating with Head office for the Process and Material
        Delivery at site and finalizing the projects with proper
        discount and margin.
    *   Having sales and Construction meeting on weekly basis as
        well as reviewing the previous week Progress report for the
        development and finding the way to Complete the project
        on Time.
    *   Meeting with clients for their requirements and finalizing the
        drawings and specs according to their requirements and
        company norms. Head of employee relations - Motivating, developing, and
    *
        Team building to deliver upon clinical customer
        expectations
    *   Develop and implement a company-wide go-to-market
        plan, working with all departments to execute
    *   Proactively manages performance, ensuring that the
        departments clearly understand their roles and are
        focused on achieving goals
    *   Leverage business relationships with the organization: Invite
        honest feedback from these business partners to improve
        people and performance.

Regional Manager   -   Construction and Sales
Octamec Building Systems   -    India (Chennai) Tamilnadu and
AP

Nov 2010 to April 2012
    *   Managing the Entire Sales and Construction Team in 2
        Southern Indian States.


ACTIVITIES & INTERESTS
Hiking
Camping
Bird Watching
Photography
Home Improvement
Volunteering
Travel

    *   Publishing related project plan and achieve the milestone
        by having periodic meetings internal and external
        meetings.
    *   Inspect work in progress to ensure that workmanship
        conforms to specifications and adheres to detail schedules
    *   Support maintenance and management of triggered and transactional in project and address directly to supervisory

        personnel and subcontractors.
    *   Develop and manage workflows, processes, training, and
        tools to better scale the business
    *   Create campaign briefs detailing cross-functional business
        objectives, creative direction, and key content and
        segmentation strategies

Senior Project Mgmt. Engineer -Customer Service
Kirby Building Systems -   Kuwait and Abu Dhabi (Mid-East
Asia)

Dec 2005 to Nov 2010
    *   Dealing with international clients providing engineering
        services in structural design and detailing.
    *   Ensure that there is no discrepancy in the documents
        received from sales office.(work order form, signed
        contract, price break down).
    *   Strong knowledge of the fundamentals in checking the
        structural drawings, receives design sketches & estimates
        from design dept and subsequently informing sales office
        in-case of variation.
    *   Expert making Planning and scheduling of projects.
        Prepare management reports on order intake, work
        progress and planned production and shipment
    *   Plan, monitor and manage production capacity and
        capability to ensure fulfillment of customer requirements.
    *   Directly supervise production team members and material
        requirements planners. Communicates and co-ordinates
        with design /drafting dept. for technical matters.
    *   Contribute to the strategic planning process for new and
        existing operations. Meeting The Clients and Consultants
        from the Responsible Areas.
    *   Expert knowledge of building products, construction details
        and rules, regulations, and quality standards
    *   Strong collaboration skills and ability to lead a team of
        professionals, Contact's credit dept. to obtain clearance
        level.
    *   Communicating with upper-level management of project
        status through written and verbal updates


Erection Engineer
Khalid Kharafi Steel Ltd-  Kuwait (Middle East)

Nov 2004 to Dec 2005
    *   Complete international site in charge for construction and
        Erection. Directly supervise team members and material
        requirements planners.
    *   Expert making Planning and scheduling of projects.
    *   Executing the civil works and erection of steel structures as
        per schedule.
    *   Meeting consultant & getting the project inspection
        clearance.
    *   Finalize all technical issues with the end user & consultant.

                                                       *    Making Schedules for Erection according to contractual
                                                           delivery.
                                                       *   Total Project Management to final handing over of the
                                                           projects.
                                                       *   Strong knowledge of the fundamentals in checking the
                                                           structural drawings

                                                   CSD Engineer
                                                   Zamil Steel India-  Chennai -   India

                                                   Sep 2002 to June 2004
                                                       *   Responsible to plan and conduct independent work
                                                           requiring judgment in the evaluation, selection,
                                                           application, and adaptation of engineering methods,
                                                           procedures, and criteria.
                                                       *   Coordinated activities of designated projects (under the
                                                           direction of Project Manager) to ensure that goals and
                                                           objectives of projects are accomplished within prescribed
                                                           time frame and cost parameters by performing the duties
                                                           personally or through subordinate supervisors.
                                                       *   Ensure that there is no discrepancy in the documents
                                                           received from sales office.(work order form, signed
                                                           contract, price break down)Communicates with sales
                                                           engineer to clear any inconsistency in the documents.
                                                       *   Receives design sketches & estimates from design dept.
                                                           And subsequently informing sales office in case of
                                                           variation.
                                                       *   Prepare management reports on order intake, work
                                                           progress and planned production and shipment.
                                                       *   Communicates and co-ordinates with design /drafting
                                                           dept. for technical matters.
                                                       *   Contacts credit dept. to obtain clearance level.
                                                       *   Follow up with other dept. About the work status and
                                                           progress.
                                                       *   Keeps event records to help solved problems and clarify
                                                           status.
                                                       *   Responsible for projects from Kuwait, Abu Dhabi.
                                                       *   Meeting The Clients and Consultants from the Responsible
                                                           Areas. Attending the Yearly sales Seminar . And try to
                                                           improve for the upcoming year.




                                                   Site Engineer ( Trainee Engineer )
                                                   Dr. B.V.S Builders Pvt Ltd- Chennai -   India

                                                   Aug 2001 to Jun 2002
                                                       *   Site Supervision for Flat construction .
                                                       *   Assisting Construction Manager .
                                                       *   Scheduling Work for the Week as per Manager's instruction.
                                                       *   Inspect project sites to monitor progress and ensure design
                                                           specifications as well as safety and sanitation standards
                                                           are being met.
                                                       *   Guide managerial and industrial personnel by providing
                                                           technical advice regarding design, construction, structural
                                                           repairs, and program modifications.
                                                       *   Oversee all construction, maintenance, and operations
                                                           activities on project sites.




                                                       *   Play a key role as part of the site management team,
                                                           collaborating with various groups, including engineers,
                                                           architects, and mechanical, electrical, and plumbing
                                                       *   Implement drawings on-site, ensuring everything meets
                                                           specifications and checking those quality control meetings
                                                           all requirements




         ------------------------------------------------------EDUCATION HISTORY-------------------------------------------------------------------




                                              Course     Institute & Board / University

                                              DCE (CivilNachimuthu Polytechnic - Dr. Mahalingam
                                              Engineering)Group of Colleges




PERSONAL DETAILS:

                                              Date of Birth : 1st Jun. 1981
                                              Languages Known : English, Hindi, Tamil, Malayalam, Urdu.




DECLARATION
                                             I declare that all the furnished information above is free from any kind of
mistakes to the best of my knowledge and belief.