
                        Very Highly Qualified Workers

If you reach a minimum of 70 points according to the following list of criteria, you
have as a highly Qualified Worker from a third country two options:

1. You can either enter Austria under a Job Seeker Visa to look for work
  here.
       As a third-country citizen with a very high level of qualification, you may
       apply for a six-month residence visa for your job search (Job Seeker Visa) if
       you reach a minimum of 70 points according to the following list of criteria.
       If you receive an employment offer during the validity period of the visa,
       you can apply for a Red-White-Red card at the competent residence
       authority in Austria.

                     Or

2.     You may apply for a Red-White-Red card          with the competent
Austrian representation in your home country or your country of residence,
provided that you have received an employment offer.



       Find more Information under:   https://www.migration.gv.at/en/types-ofimmigration/permanent-immigration/very-highly-qualified-workers/

       and https://www.migration.gv.at/en/faq/

       Please note: the points calculator is a tool for you to estimate your
       eligibility. As a service for your first orientation only, it does not
       constitute an application and it does not replace the evaluation by the
       Austrian authorities. The result of this calculator is based on your
       personal self-assessment and may differ from the formal assessment. It
       does not constitute an application and does not replace the evaluation by
       the Austrian authorities. The authorities will assess your eligibility based
       on the documents you submitted




                                             1. Job Seeker Visa:

 To apply:
 You can apply for the Job Seeker Visa (category D visa) personally at the Austrian Embassy in Beirut. You will receive
 a Job Seeker Visa if the Public Employment Service (Arbeitsmarktservice - AMS) confirms to the Austrian
 representative authority that you have reached the points required for admission.

 To submit:
 To apply for the Job Seeker Visa, you have to submit the following documents: (please note: Lebanese documents
 need a full diplomatic legalisation!)

     1. valid passport
     2. Current biometric passport photo:
     3. Birth certificate
     4. Legal proof of adequate accommodation in Austria (Hotel reservation, lease or rental agreement)
     5. Proof of health insurance valid in Austria and covering all risks; overview of possible health insurances: 114
        KB PDF
     6. Proof of sufficient means of subsistence in Austria (payslips, pay certificates, employment contracts, ,
        evidence of retirement, investment capital or sufficient own assets)
     7. Additionally: You have to submit the following documents for examination of the individual criteria under
        the points system (see above):

             Graduation:
                *   Document furnishing proof of successful completion of a four-year programme at a university or
                    another institution of tertiary education
                *   Document reflecting the status of the university or other institution of tertiary education
                *   Document furnishing proof of successful completion of a programme in a MINT subject (=
                    mathematics, informatics, natural sciences, technology)
                *   Document furnishing proof of habilitation
             Gross annual salary in a senior management position:
                *   Tax assessment notice or pay certificate
                *   Confirmation by the previous employer that you worked in a senior management position
                *   Proof that the company is listed on the stock exchange or positive report from the competent
                    Austrian foreign trade office about its activities or business segment
             Research and innovation activities:
                *   Proof of scientific publications, stating titles and sources
                *   Certificate issued by a university or research institution that you worked in R&D or academic
                    scientific teaching
                *   Proof of patent application(s) through extracts from national or regional patent registers
             Recognized awards and prizes:
                *   Document proving the conferral of the award or prize
             Work experience:
                *   Testimonials and work certificates
             Language skills:
                *   Language diploma or language course certificate at the A1 or A2 levels of the Common European
                    Framework of Reference for Languages.




                *   German language diplomas and certificates may in particular be obtained from the following
                    institutions: ÖSD, Goethe-Institut, Telc GmbH, Austrian Integration Fund (ÖIF)
                *   The following diplomas and certificates in particular are recognised as evidence of proficiency in
                    English: Cambridge Certificate, TELC, IELTS diploma, TOEIC diploma, TOEFL diploma.

             Studies in Austria:
                *  Course record book and related examination certificates
                *  Document reflecting the successful completion of a programme of studies in Austria




                                           2. Red-White-Red Card

 The primary requirement for a Red-White-Red Card is a concrete employment offer. This employment must match
 your qualification while offering adequate pay. If these requirements are met, the AMS issues a positive evaluation
 and you will receive the Red-White-Red Card provided that the general requirements under Austrian settlement and
 residence law are met as well (locally customary accommodation, health insurance coverage etc.).
 Your potential employer may file the application with the competent  residence authority in Austria (Provincial
 Governor, authorised Regional Administrative Authority or Local Administrative Authority). An employer's
 declaration (Arbeitgebererklärung) with specific details concerning your future place of employment has to be
 submitted along with the application.


 General Requirements for Issuing Residence Permits
 The authorities may only grant you a residence title if you meet the following requirements:

      *   Adequate means of subsistence
          The third-country national must have a fixed and regular income enabling him/her to meet his/her
          livelihood without resorting to welfare aid from local authorities.
          The income needs to be equal to or exceed the standard income rate. In 2020, this standard income rate
          amounted to € 966,65 for singles, € 1472,- for married couples and an additional € 149,15 for each
          childPlease note:


 *   Health Insurance Coverage
          For your stay in Austria, you must have health insurance coverage which provides benefits in Austria and
          covers all risks. If you are insured in the public social insurance system (e.g. you are employed in Austria),
          this coverage is sufficient.

 *   Adequate Accommodation
          You have to provide evidence of a legal title to locally customary accommodation (e.g. by providing a lease
          contract), considered adequate for your family size.




 Documents:

 The applicant has to submit the documents in Original and Photocopy. Documents issued in a language other than
 German must be filed together with a certified translation (by a certified court translator).

     *  Application for a residence permit ("Antrag auf Erteilung einer Aufenthaltsbewilligung") in German
     *  valid passport
     *  passport/residence permit of sponsor in Austria
     *  Current biometric passport photo: the photo can be no more than six months old when the residence permit
        is granted.
     *  Birth certificate
     *  If applicable:
            o   Marriage certificate
            o   Divorce certificate
     *  Legal proof of adequate accommodation (e. g. lease or rental agreement, proof of ownership)
     *  Proof of sufficient means of subsistence in Austria (e. g. payslip, income statements, employment contracts,
        confirmations of pension payments)
     *  Proof of health insurance valid in Austria and covering all risks: overview of possible health insurances: 114
        KB PDF
     *  Police clearance certificate ("Auszug aus dem Strafregister") (German) (no more than three months old)
        from your country of origin
     *  Additional documents according point nr. 7 (above)




 Please note:
 At the time of application a fee of EUR 120 as well as of EUR 20 (for biometrics) will be charged in cash. The fee has
 to be paid in LBP and is subject to exchange rate (see consular fees on our website).

 Lebanese documents need a full diplomatic legalisation! Original documents need to be copied.
 Documents in any other language other than German or English will have to be submitted with an official German or
 English translation. The application will be processed by the regional settlement authority in Austria and will take at
 least three months.

 The Austrian Embassy Beirut will not have information regarding the status of the application while it is being
 processed in Austria; therefore no queries will be answered.
 Only after the decision has been made by the competent settlement authority will the Embassy be notified and will
 inform you immediately.

