
                              Pilar Cuadros-Arias
                          www.linkedin.com/in/pilar-cuadros-arias-623782177/


1452 South White Avenue, APT5.                                           Phone: (469) 602-6344
Pomona, CA, 91766                                                        Email:         pcuadari@gmail.com

HIGHLIGHTS
*   Technical: MATLAB, TinkerCAD, Solid Works, Excel
*   Bilingual English and Spanish
*   CPR and First Aid certified by American Red Cross
*   Adobe Photoshop, Lightroom, Microsoft Word, PowerPoint
*   Awards: California State Senate Scholastic Achievement Award

EDUCATION
California State Polytechnic University, Pomona
Bachelor of Chemical Engineering (May 2024)
Minor in Biophysics

PROJECT
MATLAB assignment/project
*   Solved computing one and two dimensional arrays, Loop and Logic problems to further enhance
    solving skills with MATLAB.
Freelance Photographer
*   Created high quality photos for families, couples, children, pets, and sport activities using Cannon
    EOS Rebel Camera, Adobe Photoshop, and Lightroom.

EXPERIENCE
K-12 STEM in Bhumi Devi School Educational, Nepal
Teacher Assistant (January 2018 - May 2018)
*   Educated K-12 students on different chemical reactions, human biological functions, design
    optimization with physics applications, and technological science behind digital, film cameras.
*   Collaborated with school administrators, Chemistry, Physics and Biology teachers to compose
    appropriate lesson plans and projects for the different levels of education for students.
*   Fundraised $4,000 for school supplies, and for the school's reconstruction from their devastating
    2017 earthquake.

LEADERSHIP
Modern Empowerment of Women Scientists, Cal Poly Pomona
President & Scheduler (August 2021-Present)
*   Organized all club workshops, publicity, events and activities to encourage the growth of women
    scientists.
*   Coordinated duties and discussions between executive board members to fulfill our goal of
    creating a more diverse and supportive scientific community.

Engineering Student Council, Cal Poly Pomona
General Council  (August 2021-Present)
*   Planned academic and social events to foster a positive environment for engineering students.




Bronco Navigator, Cal Poly Pomona
Peer Mentor (August 2021- Present)
*   Guided incoming freshman and transfers students on the expectations at Cal Poly Pomona.

Cal Poly Pomona Women in Science and Engineering
Outreach Volunteer & Member (   August 2021-Present)
*   Guided middle school and high school girls in Pomona on the engineering design process utilizing
    TinkerCAD in order for them to design a solution to for a common problem.

Society of Women Engineers, Cal Poly Pomona
Mentor & Member (   August 2020-Present)
*   Advised mentees with their academic struggles, and personal conflicts in order to ensure the future
    success of female engineers.

Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers, Cal Poly Pomona
Technical Design Project Leader (August 2020- Present)
*   Designed an automated vehicle to serve as a remote medicine distribution system for rural areas.
*   Facilitated project communications between members and client in order to accomplish deadlines
    and project goals.

