
Joni Cotton
C:706.366.0001/ H: 706.672.1566 email: Hicotton@hughes.net 854 Lee Lane Greenville, GA 30222
Objective
Following a successful career, I am now seeking a servicing, scheduling, data entry type of
part-time remote position where I can be instrumental in making the end customers' experience stress
free and exceed their expectations in every way. My corporate and personal experience, management
and organization skills, attention to detail and reliability would make me a good asset to a team.
I'm especially interested Travel, Real Estate, Finance, Hospitality, Retail and Social Work
industries.

Professional Experience

Implementation Consultant - Issuer Implementations Jan 2014 to March 2018
Global Payment (TSYS) - Columbus, GA
*TSYS - Columbus, GA *TSYS (Total System Services) is based in Columbus and is a technically
advanced credit card processor. TSYS provides processing services to financial and nonfinancial
institutions in the United States, continental Europe, United Kingdom, Canada, and Mexico. In 2017
it earned 4.9b in revenue and processed 27.8b transactions.
Lead evaluation process of client systems and business requirements to determine system integration
points and requirements for effective support of client business needs.

      *      Information gathering, technical/business documentation review, large meeting/workshop
        facilitator, web-based presenter and facilitator, task manager
      *      Documenter of findings in overview document to include current/future state, outstanding
        decisions, decisions made and outstanding tasks
      *      International and domestic client experience to include the following countries: China,
        Australia, Cyprus, Germany, Italy, Great Britain, Ireland, Mexico, Brazil, India, Puerto
        Rico, Canada; working with all levels of clients' employees
      *      Held lead roles as teams' project manager and clients' consultant, for a team that delivered
        and met financially imperative deadlines in a complex and technical environment. Served as
        escalation point, removing roadblocks for timely delivery and task due dates.
      *      Successfully worked remotely for the last year of employment.


Director of Client System Training                              Jan 2003 to Jan 2014
TSYS - Columbus, GA
Served in a leadership role for a team of 30 trainers located in the United States and United
Kingdom. Responsible for system training for new and existing clients and TSYS team members.

      *      Implemented and oversaw four technical training region environments
      *      Wrote and presented successful business cases for global expansion of training team
      *      Established global team by interviewing, hiring, training and managing team, following local
        policies and laws
      *      Defined and managed annual budget of $1M+ which included all T&E expenses. Monitored
        Division level budget and provided monthly reporting of variances and research results to
        Executives
      *      Contributed as instructional designer, developer and presenter of many soft skill and
        technical courses




Director - International Division                                    Jan 2001 to Jan 2003
TSYS - Columbus, GA
      *      Reported to Group Executive in the International Division in its first years of the
        Divisions existence, supporting European sales efforts as presenter in Sales presentation;
        and acted as liaison between United States and UK offices for human resources, project
        management, account management and sales.
      *      Organized and conducted internal/global workshops for the purposes of sharing best
        practices, to bring consistency across global locations.

Technical Trainer Consultant                                          Jan 1994 to Jan 2001
TSYS - Columbus, GA
         *      Designed, developed and delivered Cultural Awareness course that became a mandated course
           across the company.
         *      Designed, developed and delivered client-specific curriculum for all level of clients'
           employees (Senior Executives to call center reps).
         *      Delivered technical and soft skill training face to face and using tools such as Web Ex.
           C

Previous job roles include 6 years as a Continental Airlines Flight Attendant, Real Estate, and
Banking Customer Service.

Summary of Skills
    *      Extensive Leadership training and experience
    *      Business communication skills, written and verbal
     *      Recognize and adjusts to diverse cultures and demographics
    *      Technically savvy (Office/SharePoint/Internet Research, LMS, WebEx, Skype)



    *      Problem solving/ process improvement
    *      Experience with interactions at all levels (including high level executives)
     *      Training delivery and instructional design
    *      Resourceful, driven, diligent,
    *      Creative, flexible, organized




Education



INTERDISCIPLINARY STUDIES
      University of Alabama, Tuscaloosa, AL/Junior level standing
            Completed 20 credit hours through online courses (2013-2014)
BUSINESS MANAGEMENT
      Columbus State University, (CSU) Columbus, GA
            Earned 65 hours of credit attending evening classes while working full-time at TSYS
PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
    *      Six Sigma Green Belt (TSYS Curriculum)
    *      TSYS Leadership Curricula for over 10 years
    *      Broad variety of soft-skill courses