
Subarna Pandian

                                     Vadaseri, 614905, IN
                                            7305230825
                                  subarnasp96@gmail.com



Work Experience

03/01/2022 - 06/01/2022

Svm cbse school,arndangi., Teacher

        Meet with other professionals to discuss individual students'
        needs and progress.
        Prepare objectives and outlines for courses of study, following
        curriculum guidelines or requirements of states and schools.
        Instruct and monitor students in the use of equipment and
        materials to prevent injuries and damage.
        Prepare and implement remedial programs for students
        requiring extra help.
        Provide disabled students with assistive devices, supportive
        technology, and assistance accessing facilities such as
        restrooms.
        Use computers, audio-visual aids, and other equipment and
        materials to supplement presentations.
        Plan and conduct activities for a balanced program of
        instruction, demonstration, and work time that provides
        students with opportunities to observe, question, and
        investigate.
        Enforce all administration policies and rules governing
        students.
        Prepare materials and classrooms for class activities.
        Perform administrative duties, such as assisting in school
        libraries, hall and cafeteria monitoring, and bus loading and
        unloading.
        Establish and enforce rules for behavior and procedures for
        maintaining order among students.
        Instruct through lectures, discussions, and demonstrations in
        one or more subjects, such as English, mathematics, or social
        studies.
        Confer with other staff members to plan and schedule lessons




        promoting learning, following approved curricula.
        Observe and evaluate students' performance, behavior, social
        development, and physical health.
        Maintain accurate and complete student records as required by
        laws, district policies, and administrative regulations.
        Prepare students for later grades by encouraging them to
        explore learning opportunities and to persevere with
        challenging tasks.
        Attend professional meetings, educational conferences, and
        teacher training workshops to maintain and improve
        professional competence.
        Prepare, administer, and grade tests and assignments to
        evaluate students' progress.
        Collaborate with other teachers and administrators in the
        development, evaluation, and revision of secondary school
        programs.
        Guide and counsel students with adjustment or academic
        problems, or special academic interests.
        Assign and grade class work and homework.
        Sponsor extracurricular activities, such as clubs, student
        organizations, and academic contests.
        Adapt teaching methods and instructional materials to meet
        students' varying needs and interests.
        Meet with parents and guardians to discuss their children's
        progress and to determine priorities for their children and their
        resource needs.
        Administer standardized ability and achievement tests and
        interpret results to determine students' strengths and areas of
        need.
        Select, store, order, issue, and inventory classroom equipment,
        materials, and supplies.
        Plan and supervise class projects, field trips, visits by guest
        speakers, or other experiential activities, and guide students in
        learning from those activities.
        Attend staff meetings and serve on committees, as required.
        Establish clear objectives for all lessons, units, and projects and
        communicate those objectives to students.
        Confer with parents or guardians, other teachers, counselors,
        and administrators to resolve students' behavioral and
        academic problems.
        Prepare for assigned classes and show written evidence of
        preparation upon request of immediate supervisors.
        Prepare reports on students and activities as required by




        administration.


12/01/2020 - 05/01/2021

Cristian girl's Hr. Sec. School , Teacher

        Distribute tests and homework assignments and collect them
        when they are completed.
        Requisition and stock teaching materials and supplies.
        Organize and label materials and display students' work in a
        manner appropriate for their eye levels and perceptual skills.
        Use computers, audio-visual aids, and other equipment and
        materials to supplement presentations.
        Supervise students in classrooms, halls, cafeterias, school
        yards, and gymnasiums, or on field trips.
        Take class attendance and maintain attendance records.
        Enforce administration policies and rules governing students.
        Discuss assigned duties with classroom teachers to coordinate
        instructional efforts.
        Plan, prepare, and develop various teaching aids, such as
        bibliographies, charts, and graphs.
        Organize and supervise games and other recreational activities
        to promote physical, mental, and social development.
        Participate in teacher-parent conferences regarding students'
        progress or problems.
        Laminate teaching materials to increase their durability under
        repeated use.
        Observe students' performance, and record relevant data to
        assess progress.
        Prepare lesson outlines and plans in assigned subject areas and
        submit outlines to teachers for review.
        Prepare lesson materials, bulletin board displays, exhibits,
        equipment, and demonstrations.
        Provide extra assistance to students with special needs, such as
        non-English-speaking students or those with physical and
        mental disabilities.
        Assist librarians in school libraries.
        Assist in bus loading and unloading.
        Type, file, and duplicate materials.
        Instruct and monitor students in the use and care of equipment
        and materials to prevent injuries and damage.
        Present subject matter to students under the direction and
        guidance of teachers, using lectures, discussions, or supervised




        role-playing methods.
        Attend staff meetings and serve on committees, as required.
        Distribute teaching materials, such as textbooks, workbooks,
        papers, and pencils to students.
        Tutor and assist children individually or in small groups to help
        them master assignments and to reinforce learning concepts
        presented by teachers.
        Grade homework and tests, and compute and record results,
        using answer sheets or electronic marking devices.
        Provide disabled students with assistive devices, supportive
        technology, and assistance accessing facilities, such as
        restrooms.
        Conduct demonstrations to teach skills, such as sports,
        dancing, and handicrafts.



Education

2020

Laurel higher secondary school , Master's Degree in
Mathematics Teacher Education