
Robert W. Huber
1732 6th  Ave. Apt. 1 Oakland CA 94606  *  510-761-5066  *  rw_huber@yahoo.com

Summary	Extensive quality assurance experience

?	Proven track record of ability and judgment in quality definition.
?	Agility with multiple assignments.
?	Confident with all levels of management.
Experience 	      
 Software QA Technician (Contractor)
 Manpower Professional
 August 2007 to December 2008
 February 2009 to November 2009

?	Performed Final Test Protocol Acceptance prior to s/w release
?	Assisted  in review and correction of test protocols prior to final  acceptance testing
?	Performed functionality, regression, black and gray box testing
?	Collaborated with SW development with extensive discovery testing
?	Performed documentation editing and writing, when necessary
	 Software QA Technician Consultant
 Magnum Semiconductor, Milpitas CA
 June 2006 to August 2007

?	Tested and analyzed  daily and release candidate builds, requiring extensive regression testing
?	Generated Excel & Testlog? reports for engineering evaluation
?	Entered bug reports and fixes via Bugzilla  system
?	Verification testing of known and resolved s/w defects
?	Ran Final Systems Testing prior to shipment for Beijing engineering acceptance

 Test Technician/Quality Assurance Inspector
 Coastcom, Alameda CA
 June 2000 to August 2004

  Performed all manufacturing quality assurance functions.

?	Consolidated receiving and in-process quality functions.
?	Worked with engineering, marketing and vendor to reduce out of box assembly
failures from 90% to 10%
?	Teamed with engineering and quality management in defining new product final system testing
?	Represented quality department for final customer buyoff on Boston's "Big Dig "project
?	Initiated manufacturing, quality and test procedures updates for ISO 
audits
?	Maintained calibration schedules and records.
	
  Quality Control Inspector
  Harbor Plastics, Richmond CA
  February 1999 to February 2000
?	 Approved tool and materials setups prior to production runs
?	Identified discrepant conditions and developed collaborative corrective actions during production runs.
?	Provided training for 2nd and 3rd shift inspection personnel.
	
  Quality Control Inspector
  Coastcom, Alameda CA
  April 1996 to February 1999

?	Approved all parts and subassemblies prior to release to stock
?	Inspected and approved all finished goods
?	Performed First Article inspection
?	Managed and maintained calibration accounts
?	Performed Source Inspection and assisted in ISO audits
	 Quality Assurance Technician
 Nellcor, Hayward CA
 August 1987 to September 1993

?	Restructured test procedures that resulted in higher final product yields.
?	Traveled extensively to OEM sites for manufacturing and quality verification.
?	Validated hardware and software test protocols for engineering.
?	Initiated manufacturing, quality and test procedures updates for ISO and FDA
Audits.
?	Maintained and revised calibration account schedules and records.
?	Released all RMA repairs, including Red Tag items, for Customer Return 
Education	
 Technical Writing and Communications Certificate
 San Jose State University, Professional Development Center

  A.A. Liberal Arts Major
 Monroe Community College, Rochester N.Y.
 36.5 credit hours completed in Liberal Arts A.A. program.

Skills


	
 Microsoft Word & Excel
 Bugzilla defect tracking system
 HTML, CSS  basics
 ISO, GMP, FDA  document  review auditing
 IPC 600, 610 Standards
 HyperTerminal & Docklight basics

References	
References available on request.