
Donald Sanders, B.S.E.E.
Principal Equipment Engineer

donaldsandersaz@gmail.com
602-300-7408
www.linkedin.com/in/donald-sanders

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE

Highly talented and effective Principal Equipment Engineer with extensive experience in operation,
maintenance and performance analysis of complex manufacturing equipment in a high volume
manugacturing environment. Skilled in multiple facets of equipment engineering, including start-up,
equipment configuration, installations, qualifications, upgrades, commissioning, development,
sustaining, troubleshooting, repair and overall continuous equipment improvement with the use of
recognized industry test standards, QMS processes and statistical tools to collect, analyze & report
data. Vast knowledge in lean manufacturing and a proven track record of applying engineering skills
& principals to improve manufacturing quality, delivery, efficiency, cost and safety. An effective
problem solver with the ability to communicate technical concepts in verbal, written & presentation
formats.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Fab Start-up, Equipment Installation & Qualification, Equipment Sustaining, Team Leadership,
Data Analysis, Process Improvements, Project Management, Yield Enhancement, Cost Controls

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Principal Equipment Engineer
GlobalFoundries, Malta, NY
September 2011 - July 2016

Ownership of 25 furnaces, furnace support equipment and 5 metrology tools. Manage new equipment
installation, upgrades, configuration, relocations, qualifications and validations; Develop and
Implement safe and effective PM procedures; Equipment sustaining; Creating and executing continuous
improvement projects; Project management; Impact planning; New process development and
implementation; Review design packages; Maximizing overall equipment utilization through the use of
TPM; Minimizing total cost of equipment ownership; Vendor management; Driving cost reduction;
Develop yearly parts & consumables budget; Review & approve capital equipment projects; Develop ROI
projections; Parts procurement; Ensuring timely completion of projects on critical schedules to
enable delivery on company commitments; Failure mode analysis; Collaborating in process development;
Lean manufacturing; Defect & scrap reduction; Yield enhancement; Develop and lead teams and direct
and coordinate the activities of technical and support personnel; Ensure a safe work environment
through collaboration with EHS and following safe work procedures such as: wearing PPE, verifying
confined space entry, lockout / tag-out & hot-work permitting, etc are followed; Enhance equipment
performance through ongoing utilization of SPC, 6-Sigma, DOE, FDC, 5Y, 8D, FMEA, OCAP, iCAR and
data-driven analysis.
Key Accomplishments

   *      Reduced Tool PMs by 66% by using FDC to monitor critical parameters, increasing tool
   availability.
   *      Optimized Abatement PM, reducing down times by 20% on TEL LTAS tools.
   *      Drove Continuous Improvement Process projects to completion, reducing scrap by 51% and reducing
   downtime by 28%.
   *      Executed HF gas line regulators install to improve reliability of insitu cleans process and
   reduce scrap, downtime and cost of unnecessary quartz replacement.
   *      Reduced defectivity by 40%, significantly reducing scrap and increasing yields.
   *      Completed all tool upgrades on time, within budget and with minimal manufacturing interruptions
   via scheduling decommission deadlines and coordinating with vendors & facilities management
   *      Increased furnace uptime substantially by eliminating unnecessary quals, and setting
   appropriate PM schedules & SPC limits, delivering best-in-class results for cycle time, defects
   and parametric performance

Equipment Engineer (Diffusion, Metrology, Photolithography)
STMicroelectronics, Phoenix, AZ
July 1998 - August 2011

Supervised team of 16 technicians across four shifts with over $1 million in parts inventory.
Maintained manufacturing equipment, parts inventory, scheduling maintenance and repairs. Identify
reason for product scrap, assigning resolution and follow-through. Collaborate with Process
Engineering and Manufacturing on equipment improvements and priorities.

Key Accomplishments

   *      Eliminated wafer scrap caused by devitrification by designing and implementing N2O torch-bypass
   system for AVP gate oxide furnace.
   *      Removed 100% torch-over-temperature process by designing and fabricating an effective torch
   thermocouple clamp to hold it in proper position.
   *      Slashed wafer out-of-pocket alarms 99%, with corresponding reduction to wafer scrap, following
   adjustment of open loop lamp power settings.
   *      Reduced quartz window cracking 100%, along with equipment downtime and product risk, with
   upgrade of process chamber using thicker support ring and upgraded window clamps.
   *      Positioned company to secure new customers by ensuring that all technicians across four shifts
   were certified to work on photolithography equipment.
   *      Decreased unscheduled maintenance needs 50% by developing metrology equipment maintenance
   program for all major equipment sets.
   *      Cut OEM-provided service maintenance contracts 83% and decreased parts and maintenance costs
   20% following identification of second-source suppliers of parts and labor

EDUCATION

B.S.E.E., Electrical Engineering, SYRACUSE UNIVERSITY, Syracuse, NY