
D Matthew Duven

Salt Lake City, UT
matt.duven@gmail.com
8019283111

Highly self motivated professional and leader with good work ethic and sound bearing. Highly tuned
communication skills and exceptional attention to detail.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer


Work Experience

Director
Sheepdogs of Salt Lake City  - Salt Lake City, UT
August 2015 to Present

Director for Non-Profit Search and rescue Anti Human Trafficking Taskforce.
Develop training for operations and community outreach. Provide information to victims and families
for aftercare.
Investigate and compile information on missing children, trafficking victims, and traffickers.
Act as an advocate for families and victims as a liaison between Law Enforcement.
Research and provide information to Law Enforcement officials both local and Federal preserving
custody of evidence and maintaining the accuracy and abilityof such evidence for prosecution and
trial.
Perform operations and rescues including surveillance, investigations, reconnaissance of both in field
and digital platform to assure mission success.
Attend and lead weekly staffing and budget meeting.
Recruit Hire and train personnel.
Develop logistics locally and national deployment.
Manage administration intelligence and operations personnel.

Photographer/Owner
Dark Tesla Vision - Salt Lake City, UT
April 2002 to Present

Market and advertise services to attract clients
Analyze and decide how to compose a subject
Use various photographic techniques and equipment
Capture subjects in commercial-quality photographs
Enhance the subject's appearance with natural or artificial light
Use photo enhancing software
Maintain a digital portfolio, often on a website, to demonstrate work
Market and advertise services to attract clients
Analyze and decide how to compose a subject
Use various photographic techniques and equipment
Capture subjects in commercial-quality photographs
Enhance the subject's appearance with natural or artificial light
Use photo enhancing software




Maintain a digital portfolio, often on a website, to demonstrate work

Roadside Support Specialist
Tesla - Draper, UT
April 2018 to October 2018

Receive incoming calls for immediate roadside assistance including but not limited to, flat tires,
vehicle shutdown, accident, directions, supercharger stations, vehicle troubleshooting, MCU resets
vehicle and electronic resets.
Provide logistical tow and coordination with in-network and out of network tow providers in both
emergency and non-emergency situations.
Coordinate alternate transportation including Uber and booking rental reservations. Write service
concerns for both Service Centers, Mobile Service and Mobile Tire within North America, Australia, and
New Zeland.
Provide direction and comfort to customers in a variety of situations. Answer general questions about
processes and customer interaction across other departments over email.
Develop and implement training within the Roadside department.
Provide Customer Service and Direction on a Tier 1 level.

Loan Servicing Specialist
SoFi
April 2017 to March 2018

Respond to applicant's inbound inquiries via phone, Secure Chat and email regarding SoFi
products
Exercise consultative sales techniques demonstrating strong call control
Provide world class customer service through First Call Resolution
Document every correspondence with applicants and borrowers clearly and concisely
Perform outbound outreach to applicants and work with the applicant and the operations team to
successfully move applications through the sales process to funding
Request and secure required documentation according to documented company procedures
Participate in outbound Marketing Campaigns
Perform audits to ensure data provided by applicants at submission is accurate and the request
meets SOFI specifications pursuant to SOPs
Deliver timely, accurate and actionable information to SoFi Teams as appropriate
Improve upon and refine sales and customer service knowledge and techniques through ongoing
training
Strong ability to overcome objections, deescalate inquiries and be genuinely empathetic in
conversation with Members
Take ownership of resolving member inquiries and attempt to foresee causes of additional inquiries
Share insights with management regarding the root causes of Member inquiries, concerns and
complaints, advocating on our members' behalf to improve our products, operations and policies

Deposit Services
USAA
October 2015 to February 2017

Assist customers with routine account-related requests such as: funds transfers, automatic funds
transfers (AFTs), stop payments, inquiries about bank deposit products and service charges,
inquiries about ATM and debit card usage and limits, inquiries about checking and savings
accounts transactions, inquiries about funds availability, and check verification requests by third




parties.
Cross-sell bank products and services based on customer needs in accordance with the banks'
program standards.
Process necessary paperwork to rebate customer service charges.
Balance customer checkbooks.
Input, maintain and/ or delete ATM and debit cards within system.
Transfer funds to cover customer overdrafts as directed by bank operations.
Maintain the bank's files for currency transaction reports, customer safekeeping receipts, loan and
trust collateral receipts, commercial resolutions, powers of attorney, court orders, levies,
miscellaneous deposit documentation and general correspondence.
Assist members with IRA, CD and other wealth products.

Security Manager
Security Department and Company
October 2008 to June 2015

Responsible for the overall training and management of the Security staff.
Ensures all Security personnel are in compliance with Security Department and Company policies and
procedures, and all local, state and federal laws and regulations.
Plans and implements the schedules of all Nightclub/Beach Club Security personnel and work
activities to ensure uninterrupted service.
Ensures optimum guest satisfaction through the delivery of excellent customer service.
Provides appropriate assistance/accommodations for guests (i.e wheelchair, canes, etc.).
Maintains and promotes a friendly atmosphere for customers and staff.
Works cooperatively with all other departments to ensure efficient Security support services are
provided as needed.
Investigates accidents, injuries, lost property, property damage, etc. Sees to it that the required
reports are completed to document the incident.
Reviews and approves Security reports.
Reports to all emergencies such as fire, injuries, property damage etc. Directs and/or assists with
evacuations if required. Investigates and completes reports concerning the same.
Supervises the collection and documentation of all lost and found articles.
Establishes and maintains a progressive and empowered work force. Trains, counsels, and coaches
assigned personnel in the performance of their duties.
Assists in developing and implementing training programs.
Actively participates in all training programs.

Verifies and approves all arrests. Apprehends (where appropriate) individuals who are observed to be
engaged in criminal activity and detains these individuals until they can be turned over to law
enforcement authorities. Acts as company representative to law enforcement authorities.
Responds to verbal and/or physical altercations and applies or directs the appropriate measures to
resolve the situation. For physical altercations, applies and/or directs the minimum amount of force
necessary to restrain any and all involved.


Education

Diploma
Granite Highschool




2000 to 2002

Bachelor of Science in BS, Psychology
Weber State University


Skills


Customer Support (10+ years), Customer Service (10+ years), Call Center (3 years), Management
(10+ years), Inventory Management (7 years), Dispatch (10+ years), Investigations (10+ years),
Training & Development (10+ years), budgeting, training, team building, leadership development,
budget, Marketing


Military Service

Branch: Marine Corps
Service Country: United States
Rank: E-6
March 2001 to March 2009