
www.indidge.com		3 of 4
201 E. Southern Ave., #201
Tempe, AZ 85282
		(480) 829-0479

www.indidge.com
Somasundaram Pitchaiah

PROFILE

	Over two years of hands-on software development experience
	in analysis, design, development and testing software
	systems and web applications. Over two years of experience
	in developing Internet based applications using J2EE
	technologies like Enterprise Java Beans, DAOs, Struts,
	XML, Servlets and Jsps. Excellent team player with
	analytical problem solving, trouble shooting and debugging capabilities.

	SUMMARY

Experience in Systems analysis, user interface requirement, design and development.
Excellent knowledge in Object Oriented Concepts and methodologies.
Excellent working knowledge of java integrated development environment.(Eclipse)
Good understanding of Struts, common controls and iBatis Frameworks.
Proven skills in software development life cycle and methodologies.
Experience in writing technical specifications and documentation.
Excellent Analytical, Leadership, Inter-personal
Communication, Mentoring, Facilitation and Team Building
Skills along with positive attitude to learn and embrace new technologies.

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Computer Science and Engineering, from Madurai Kamaraj University.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Languages		:	Java 1.4, C, C++
J2EE Technologies		:	Servlet, Jsp, EJB, DAO, Hibernate, JDBC
Web Technologies		:	HTML, XML, Dojo Ajax ToolKit, Javascript
DataBase		:	MySQL	5.0, MS Access
Application Servers		JBoss 4.0.4, Weblogic 8.1
Operating Systems		:	Windows XP, Windows NT, Linux
IDE		:	Eclipse 3.2
Source Control System	:    Eclipse CVS
Frame Works		:	Struts, iBatis, Common controls

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Software Engineer - Indidge Systems (www.indidge.com), Tempe, AZ.

Project: idTracks Devices

IdTracksEnterprise is a Manufacturing tool tracking and
Calibration software. IdTracksEnterprise is designed to
optimize Calibrations and save on production and
calibration costs.  IdTracksEnterprise tracks the usage of
tools and the products / jobs that is being used on.
iBatis plugin is used to generate the data access object
layer. This project is developed using J2EE architecture
and runs on a Jboss application server with MySql database.

Responsibilities:
Involved in requirements gathering, customer interaction, prototyping and validation.
Designed and developed the presentation
layer using Jsp, Servlets, Common Controls and Struts.
Implemented several DAOs and Session beans.
Used Xdoclet configuration to generate interfaces and other objects required by EJB.
Tracked and fixed bugs found during various stages of software development.
Managed the CVS repository which was used
for project development and code version management.
Build EAR files and deployed them on Jboss application
server using the built-in feature of MyEclipse, an Eclipse based java plugin.
Involved in unit testing, deployment and user acceptance test.

Environment:
Jboss 4.0.4, EJB, DAO, Jsp, Servlets, AjaxTags, Common
Controls, Struts, iBatis, MyEclipse4.1,
MySQL5.0, CVS (Eclipse) and Windows, Linux(Fedora core)

Project: Price Quest

Price Quest is an online shopping site that enables a user
to search for a particular item, browse through various
available categories, and buy them online.
This application was developed using Velocity, Dojo
ToolKit, Struts, EJB with MySql as database and it runs on Jboss application server.

Responsibilities:
Involved in requirements collection, customer interaction, prototyping and validation.
Developed user interface with Dojo AJAX toolkit
Developed the web site pages using Velocity
Designed the database schema and implemented in MySQL.
Tracked and fixed bugs found during system assembly, user acceptance testing.
Managed the CVS repository which was used
for project development and code version management
Involved in unit testing, deployment and user acceptance test.
Coordinated the tasks between the team members

Environment:
Jboss 4.0.4, EJB, Velocity, Dojo Ajax Tool
Kit, Struts, MyEclipse 4.1, MySQL5.0, CVS (Eclipse), WinXP , Linux

Project: ProjectExpo

This web application is basically a project bidding site
that enables users to post and bid for a project.
The members can post their bid with details such as project
schedule, team size, required resources and approximate
pricing. The project is awarded to the best bid in terms of time, team size and pricing.

Responsibilities:
Involved in various stages of software life cycle process
like requirements gathering, design analysis and development.
Designed and developed the presentation
layer using Common Controls, Struts, Jsp and Servlets.
Used Stateless Session Beans (EJB) in the
back end to interact with the database connection service.
Coded ant scripts for compiling, building and packaging the
service (ear) and deploying the ear to the Jboss Application Server
Designed database schema and implemented in MySQL.
Managed the CVS repository which was used
for project development and code version management.
Build WAR files using ANT - a java based build tool.
Involved in unit testing, deployment and user acceptance test.

Environment:
Jboss 4.0.0, Jsp, Servlets, EJB, Dojo Ajax
Tool Kit, MySQL, Eclipse, CVS (Eclipse) and WinXP.

Project:  Customer Relationship Management:
CRM is a Customer Relationship Management tool enabling organizations to manage and
coordinate customer interactions across multiple
departments. This application was mainly developed for
Indidge systems sales team. This application helps sales
team to monitor and track their customers based on company
products, customer status with respect to
their sales cycle. J2EE architecture with Servlets and JSP was used.

Responsibilities:
Involved in various stages of software life cycle process
like Requirements capture, Design analysis and development.
Designed and developed the presentation layer using JSP and Servlets.
Developed Web Service Clients to integrate Task Management
with Projector Application (A web based
Project Management System to manage Tasks within Indidge Systems).
Designed database schema and implemented in MySQL.
Managed the CVS repository which was used
for project development and code version management.
Build WAR files using ANT - a java based build tool.
Involved in unit testing, deployment and user acceptance test.

Environment:
Jboss 4.0.0, Jsp, Servlets, MySql, Eclipse, CVS (Eclipse) and WinXP.

Project: Performa

Performa is a solution to track and manage equipment
performance from manufacturing equipment deployed in hard
industrial environments. Performa uses Radio Frequency
technologies to collect data from the equipment and make it
available. It analyzes the data, calculates equipment
performance metrics and presents the manufacturing engineer
with the information he needs to improve the
efficiency and profitability of the manufacturing facility.

Responsibilities:
Involved in various stages of software life cycle process
like requirements gathering, design analysis and development.
Designed and developed the presentation layer using Jsp and Servlets.
Used Session Beans (EJB) in the back end to
interact with the database connection service.
Coded ant scripts for compiling, building and packaging the
service (ear) and deploying the ear to the Jboss Application Server
Designed database schema and implemented in MySQL.
Managed the CVS repository which was used
for project development and code version management.
Build WAR files using ANT - a java based build tool.
Involved in unit testing, deployment and user acceptance test.

Environment:
Jboss 4.0.0, Jsp, Servlets, EJB, CSS, MySQL, Eclipse, CVS (Eclipse) and WinXP.

Project:  WTLS-Wireless Transport Layer Security

WTLS project implements security in wireless device
communication. The application manages secure sessions
between application servers and mobile
communication devices using WAP and HTTP protocols.

Responsibilities:
Involved in various stages of software life cycle process
like Requirements capture, Design analysis and development
Designed and developed the application in C.
Ensured secure connection establishment between WAP client and Gateway.

Environment:
Linux, C