
Denise Sleem
Technical Writer/Editor/Analyst/Project Coordinator
1413 North East 53rd Court, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33334
Telephone: 954-202-3560 (home)    954-882-4866 (cell.)

EXPERIENCE OVERVIEW:
As a Technical Writer/Editor, I am responsible for documentation project
management, including scoping, scheduling, and integration of
documentation schedules into development and testing schedules.  Driving
projects to completion, I communicate closely with other team members and
stakeholders, and effectively manage project risks.  Writing/editing
duties include producing end-user documentation for a variety of
applications, in many styles (Reference, Procedural, Tutorial, On-line
Help and Install, Intranet, Training/e-Learning, Tip Sheets/Cards,
Release Notes), as well as internal technical documentation (test cases,
test plans, standard operating procedures, business requirements
documents, etc.) and other documentation as required by the IT department
(brochures,  meeting presentations, etc.).   My strong analytical and
communication skills allow me to convert technical issues into user
friendly material, working closely with other IT staff (especially
business analysts, developers, QA analysts), under strict deadlines.

    Software Skills:  Microsoft Word, ForeHelp (help authoring tool),
    OnDemand Personal Navigator (e-Learning recording tool), Microsoft
    Excel, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Project,
    PeopleSoft, Lotus 1-2-3, various screen "snapshot" tools.

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY:
2/96-Present:   VITAS HEALTHCARE CORPORATION, Miami, FL
Technical Writer

As the company's only Technical Writer, I design, write, and edit hard
copy, on-line documentation, and e-Learning training modules for the
company's proprietary case management (patient and employee records)
software systems and all other business software applications.  This
includes working with subject matter experts to analyze the needs of
target audience and design/prepare documentation and training material
that is useful to our user community, as well as working with other IT
staff members to fully comprehend the capabilities of the application.
Development of e-Learnings involves designing and creating courses for
online training by recording and formatting procedures from various
software programs (using the OnDemand/UPK application).  Related duties
include editing/testing drafts for technical accuracy, and producing
effective artwork and examples.

Other responsibilities include/have included:
Writing/sending all company-wide (nationwide) IT communications (system
updates/notices).
Writing, editing, and maintaining (including uploading and formatting) a
library of user reference materials as well as news announcements, etc.,
on the company's Intranet.
Writing and running test scripts for in-house software applications that
are being developed or updated.
Writing/updating IT Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), Business
Requirements Documents (BRDs), and other departmental
policies/miscellaneous documents.


Non-Technical Writing duties have also included:
OnDemand/UPK Team Coordinator:  Responsible for planning and coordinating
the implementation of upgrades/modifications to the OnDemand e-learning
system, coordinating with all team members, including vendor.

Account Administrator:  Responsible for acquiring new accounts and
updating existing accounts for Verizon Teleconferencing and Live Meeting,
as well as running reports to audit accounts.  Handle
trouble-shooting/escalation of issues and act as liaison with the
vendors.

Project Coordinator/Analyst:  Responsible for planning and coordinating
the implementation of miscellaneous projects, or modifications to
systems/methods.  Also assist Business Analysts with requirements
gathering for business projects.  Work with all members of the project
team, including outside vendors, to ensure successful execution of
project.

2/94-2/96:   INFOMED, Pompano Beach, FL
Senior Technical Writer

Wrote and edited hard copy and on-line documentation for STAT 2, a
comprehensive software system for the home health care industry.  Writing
responsibilities also included a monthly customer bulletin, with updates
on new functionality and bug fixes.

9/93-1/94:   CHIPSOFT (now INTUIT), Boca Raton, FL
Senior Technical Writer

Wrote and edited documentation for tax accounting software products
(TurboTax and TaxForm).

1991-1994:   Gary Kesl Tennis Academy/Racquet Club, Deerfield Beach, FL
Business Manager

Managed the academy/club business office and tennis pro shop, including
scheduling and coordination of academy programs, student billing, and
merchandise inventory.

12/90-11/91:   BLOC DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION, Deerfield Beach, FL
Head Technical Writer

Designed, wrote, and edited documentation for the F3 Pro family of forms
design products.

4/83-12/90:    LOTUS DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION, Cambridge, MA
Technical Writer/Lead Writer

Worked on all of Lotus' spreadsheet applications (1-2-3, Symphony, Modern
Jazz (Macintosh system), Networker, Signal, and Metro).
As Lead Writer on 1-2-3/G (a graphical spreadsheet version for OS/2),
acted as a mentor and resource for a team of six writers and other
documentation team members.
Other duties included coordinating usability testing of drafts, editing,
and working closely with all product groups.

EDUCATION:
MBA, General Management, BOSTON UNIVERSITY, Boston, MA
    Courses in organizational behavior, operations, marketing, finance,
    accounting, statistics, economics, health care management, and
    information systems.

    B.A. (Honors), WELLESLEY COLLEGE, Wellesley, MA
    Double major in French and Spanish; Freshman Honors; French Honors
    Thesis.  Junior Year Abroad in Aix-en-Provence, France.  Varsity
    Tennis (Team Captain).