
Lakeshia  Nichole Kilgore
522 Tacoma Drive - # 417
Garland, Texas 75043
(214) 501-4561 Home
(469)879-6367 Cell
lakeshiakilgore@yahoo.com

Position
Desired            Full-time Customer Service Representative position

Education        Remington College, 2005-06.
            Medical Assistant Program
            CNA (Certified Nursing Assistant)
            Degree awarded with Honors

Dallas (Texas) Can Academy, 2003-05.
Academic and College-preparatory course work.
High School diploma awarded with Honors
Employment
History                              Veracity Group

Title: CSR (Customer Service Rep)
Provided Quality Customer Service assistance to Qualified Prospective
Callers
Who were interested in registering to become a mystery shopper for
Shopper Select a National Mystery shopping Company. I pre-authorized and
processed registration fees, issued member passwords, user names and
verification ID's then audio recorded the membership approval charges
term and conditions and presented bonus trial periods from our two
sponsored programs.


Crescent Processing
            Title: AP (Appointment Setting Representative)
            Provided innovative professional customer service, to
            businesses and their partner's across the United States.
            Services included but were not limited to check, debit and
            credit card payment processing for equipment terminals and
            accessories.

Summit Merchant Solutions
Title: MR (Merchant Relations)
Cultivated business relationships, with corporate to small-sized
businesses. Negotiated Visa and Master Card specific ISA customer service
for merchant processing of financial transactions serving to increase
business revenue.

Wellington on Arapaho
Title: CNA (Certified Nursing Assistant) /MA (Medication Assistant)
Responsible for retirement facility; residential care, and medications;
specialized in minimal assistant living patient needs, such as meals,
showers, personal and family request.

Angels of Charity INC.
Title: CSR (Customer Service Representative)
Represented community non-profit campaign, in the collection of used
prescribed eyewear; Donation campaigns included financial gifts or used
glasses for the lions club eye bank for needy families. Also instrumental
collecting donations for disabled children to attend a summer camp, where
they are to receive the care and supervision needed to enjoy summer
vacation. Educated local residents about the need to assist in the
purchase of bulletproof vest for deputies; still performing their duties
as officers, despite their lack of protective gear.

Special             Appointment Setting     Windows 95/98
Computer Apps.
Skills            Telephones Techniques    Clerical Skills
ICD9/CPT coding
Microsoft Word        Excel            PowerPoint
 References        Available on request