

Aaron Alvarado

2315 Mediterranean sea ave

North Las Vegas, NV, 89031

(C): (661) 317-8167

Email: Aaronxas20@gmail.com




To whom it may concern. I am a citizen of Spain and a permanent resident of the United States. I
have been working for 5 years and have extensive knowledge in national customer service, business
supply, demand, and maintenance practices. I am very responsible and timely and eager to reach
higher level employment. It is my hope that employment consideration is taken so I can continue
success and provide excellent customer service as a new team member. I am able and willing to work
any task, and ready to start immediately. Thank you very much for taking time to review my resume. I
have many skills and look forward to demonstrating my abilities.




Sincerely, //signed//

Aaron X Alvarado.




Page 1


Aaron Alvarado

2315 Mediterranean sea ave

North Las Vegas, NV, 89031

(C): (661)-317-8167

Email: aaronxas20@gmail.com

SUMMARY

5 years' experience in valued customer service. Extensive knowledge in Cashier, money count,
cleaning, cooking and assisting in the kitchen, outdoor and indoor maintenance. Very skilled with
hand tools and powered tools. Ability to assemble, inspect, clean, maintain and control tools and
equipment that directly supports business needs. Extremely active, punctual and able to learn new
programs and processes. Able to communicate and correct deficiencies on the spot in English or
Spanish, handle hazardous materials, recycling and complete all tasking's and training requirements
in a timely manner. Skilled with new technology Windows and Mac computers to include knowledge with
Excel, Word, Microsoft Office and PowerPoint programs. Able to communicate, follow up and notify
supervision of deficiencies. Willing to work any task or hours needed.
QUALIFICATIONS

Customer service Hand tools/powered tools Housekeeping Plan and organize/Administration Hazardous
Materials Bi-Lingual English/Spanish Shipping and receiving Computer based programs, new technology
landscaping maintenance
EDUCATION

4 years at Rare Earth High School didn't finish last year of school but I am working towards getting
my high school diploma.
Page 2




Aaron X Alvarado
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Taco Bell, Rosamond, CA, Jun 2017 - March 2020

Three-year employee. Conducted national customer service and manipulated chemicals, food, beverages
and equipment by using computer-based tracking systems in English and Spanish languages. Conducted
daily funding control and banking responsibilities. Provided surveillance and necessary building
repairs as needed. Hosted hundreds of weekly customers. Led all daily events and ensured a safe
atmosphere for attendees and always with a positive attitude.
CLM: California Land Management, Kernville, CA, March 2020 - August 2020 6-month Landscaping and
maintenance in camp areas of Kernville, Lake Isabella, Redwood, etc. Managing money in parking
areas at trails of national parks. shipping and receiving packages and doing errands. great
customer service skills (Seasonal job).
Subway and Chevron, Wofford Height, CA, August 2020 - September 2021

One-year of making sandwiches and conducting a gas station at the same time. Helping people with
direction and working the store by myself on some days while maintaining a great positive attitude
no matter how hard the day is.

Subway, Rosamond, CA, September 2021 - July 2022
One-year of making sandwiches and greeting guests, preparing food, ensuring sanitation standards,
explaining menu items to guests, collecting payments, restocking supplies at the sandwich unit
area, doing basic paperwork duties, and making great teamwork with my coworker.
PROFESSIONAL REFERENCES

* Kathrein Stone. (C): (661) 429-1599

Sequoia Kern District Manager

* Robert Cummings. (C): (661) 992-6626

USAF Palmdale.


*Douglas Stone. (C): (661) 429-1515

Lockheed Martin Supervisor

