
Teresa L Arthur
                                        14 Presidential Drive
                                        Oak Ridge, TN 37830
                                           865-363-1509
                                      teresaarthur@cfaith.com

Education
Bachelor of Science Industrial Engineering 2001
University of Tennessee, Knoxville, TN

Associate of Science in Business Management 1993
Associate of Science in Engineering Technology 1993
Roane State Community College, Harriman TN


Professional Experience
    * 11 years Supervising union craft workers under time and materials projects for DOE Contractors in the Oak
        Ridge area
    * 10 years Electrical craftsman experience working in DOE Oak Ridge area as construction and maintenance
        electrician.
    *    5 years Engineering and Management experience of large projects.
    * Maintain strong personal commitment to project values and professional ethnics Strong Communication
        and Presentation skills

    *   Working with SNS - RAD / NFDD (ASD / XFD) director and Group Leaders and Installation Group in
        developing goals, milestones and project objectives. Set short and long term planned activities goals and
        deadlines for all project installations using technical and craft resources and have ensured that all project
        schedules accurately reflect the installation plans Worked with project controls. Advised group staff
        members on sequence events, resources time and materials required to complete project installation
        activities while worked around other events or other systems being performed at the same time.
    *   Managing project activities using Craft resources working with Tech, Engineers and Scientist, ensuring
        completion of schedule on time and within budget. Ensuring that craft resources met all required ISMS as
        well as all Construction design requirements. Communicating feedback on activities and daily events to
        Engineers, Scientists and Project Controls on weekly or as needed/required basis effectively to review
        project cost and schedule of installation need to be completed to meet project deadlines. Actively
        communicating problems and solutions with Design Engineers, Technicians and Craft on daily basis on
        electrical installation and any problems or coordination issues with other systems during installation.
    *   Actively monitoring installation activities, worked effectively with all designers, engineers and scientist
        and ESH&Q to resolve conflicts. Communicating with field the resolutions in a timely and efficiently
        manner to reduce minimal impact to project deadlines and goals. Actively revising and reviewing
        installation plans, documents JHA's and non-critical lift plans for electrical systems equipment with skilled
        craft resources on work to be performed.
    *   Working with Lead Design Engineers to assist in development of documentation and drawings for project
        support systems (i.e. electrical and mechanical) and interferences with other systems and ensuring all
        systems coexist together.
    *   Working on developing facility/project maintenance plans and goals to ensure project meets all ISMS
        requirements in this area for project life span.
    *   Environmental, safety, health, and quality requirements such as DOE Price-Anderson Amendments Act
        (PAAA), Nuclear Quality Assurance, Level 1 (NQA1) and nationally recognized Codes.
                                                 Teresa L Arthur
                                               14 Presidential Drive
                                               Oak Ridge, TN 37830
                                                  865-363-1509


       Employment History

       6/2010-2012                        Broadway Electric Service                                        Knoxville, TN
       Project Engineer

       2009- 06/2010                   Oak Ridge National Laboratory                                       Oak Ridge, TN
       Work Center Operations Manager for Chilled Water Systems

       2001-2009                           Spallation Neutron Source Project,                              Oak Ridge, TN
       Electrical Field Engineer in the Electrical Power Supplies Group

       1999-2001                          Broadway Electric Service                                        Knoxville, TN
       Electrical Estimator/Project Coordinator

       1998-1999                          British Nuclear Fuels Limited                                    Oak Ridge, TN
       Area Superintendent/Supervisor

       1997-1998                          Morrison Knudsen Corporate SGT                               Jensen Beach, FL
       Construction Engineer

       1996-1997                          General Contractor for personal Home                             Oak Ridge, TN

       1991-1996                         Lockheed Martin Energy Systems                                    Oak Ridge, TN
       Building Conditional Assessment Inspector /Journeyman Electrician

       1990-1991                           MK-Ferguson Construction Company                                Oak Ridge, TN
       Electrical Superintendent's Assistant/Electrician

       1986-1990                          Allegheny Industrial Electric                                    Oak Ridge, TN
       Electrical Apprentice

       Additional Professional Skills/Training
       30 Hour OSHA Training
       Radiation Worker Training Program (UT-Battelle ORNL)
       Trained for Hazardous Waste Operations (SARA/OSHA)
       Trained as Asbestos Abatement Workers Course (General Physics Corporation)
       Trained in Electrical Safety, Potential Hazards and Safety Precautions (American Power Institute)

                                                 References upon Request


Teresa Arthur                                                                                                    Page 2