

TRISH A. ATANDA
1305 Duval Drive * Monroe, GA 30655
(678) 749-9186 * E-mail: Trish.Atanda@gmail.com




EXPERIENCE


GWINNETT COUNTY PUBLIC SCHOOLS      Lilburn, GA
Special Education Paraprofessional      July 2019 - Current
Assist in supporting students under the supervision of a licensed professional such as a teacher;
Increase learning opportunities by giving students opportunities to practice skills; Provide
students with more individualized instruction; Implement teacher-planned instruction; Communication
and social support; Clerical/general duties; Behavioral support

WALTON COUNTY PUBLIC SCHOOLS      Monroe, GA
Special Education Paraprofessional      October 2014 - July 2019
Assist in supporting students under the supervision of a licensed professional such as a teacher;
Increase learning opportunities by giving students opportunities to practice skills; Provide
students with more individualized instruction; Implement teacher-planned instruction; Communication
and social support; Clerical/general duties; Behavioral support

SOCIAL CIRCLE CITY SCHOOLS      Social Circle, GA
Aftercare Program/Substitute Teacher      August 2013 - October 2014
Substitute Teacher: Responsible for providing instruction, managing the classroom environment, and
promoting student learning in the absence of the regular classroom teacher.
Aftercare Program: Planned and supervised activities for kids, including fun play such as arts and
crafts, supervised and/or assisted them with homework and provided snacks.


APPLEBEE'S      Monroe, GA
Hostess      March 2010 - August 2013
Greeted guests, provided accurate wait times and escorted customers to the dining and bar areas.

COMPUCREDIT      Duluth, GA
Account Manager/Collections Specialist      June 2008 - March 2010
Contacted customers (inbound and/or outbound) to resolve delinquent accounts using the
telephone/dialer. Provided thorough, efficient and accurate account updates on computer files for
each call made. Demonstrated effective skip tracing techniques. Daily processed customer accounts
related to CCCS, Bankruptcy and Deceased accounts. Information verification as needed through public
record databases. Utilized TSYS and GUIDO.


MIDWEST MECHANICAL      Willowbrook, IL
Accounts Payable Specialist      September 2003 - January 2008
Ensured invoices/purchase orders were properly coded and approved prior to entry; Performed weekly
check run; Met deadlines at month-end close; Handled vendor inquiries; Reconciled vendor statements;
Entered and coded overheads, keyed invoices into COINS accounting system and processed invoices for
payment; Matched and verified all accounts payable checks with invoices and other supporting
documentation.

Accounts Receivable Specialist
Generate and distribute monthly sales invoices; Accurately posted customer payments; Closely
monitored the Accounts Receivable and make routine collection calls on past due accounts; Generate
and distribute bi-weekly aging reports to Account Executives; Collaborate with sales department to
resolve billing issues; Promptly answer and resolve all customer billing/customer service inquiries;
Process credit inquiries on new customers; Maintain customer relations and update accounts as
necessary; Preparation of monthly journal entries. Met deadlines at month-end close.




PATRICIA A. ATANDA      Page Two




EXPERIENCE (Continued)

BOVIS LEND LEASE      Chicago, IL
AR Manager      June 2001 - September 2003
Project: bp Amoco Gas Stations Reimage (10,000+ locations)
    *      A/R Manager: Bi-weekly billing of trade accounts and inventory accounts. Cash application on
      collected acounts. Billings in Progress (BIP) report for open billings. Prepared monthly
      Project Management report and submitted to VP of Finance and Controller. Monthly billing of
      overhead costs.
    *      JDE Analysis: Managed and maintained accurate information describing each gas station site.
      Researched data pertaining to sites for A/P Manager for pay application process. Monthly audit
      on Constructware (material ordering system) against JDE (accounting system).


ACCOUNTEMPS - Contract Positions      Chicago, IL
Credit/Collections at MI-JACK PRODUCTS - 8 months       July 1999 - May 2001
Corporate commercial collections, collected for three divisions doing heavy equipment sales, field
service repairs rentals.

Collections & Accounts Receivable at TRAINOR GLASS COMPANY - 3 months
Corporate collections, accounts receivable, waivers of lien.


PROTEVA COMPUTERS, INC.      Posen, IL
Collections Specialist/EDI Specialist      July 1998 - July 1999
*      Collections: Printed current/updated WHDI Client Report weekly. Checked each individual client
account/RMA by obtaining proof of delivery for returned merchandise and properly closing accounts.
If merchandise has not been returned, client contact is made via telephone and written letter to
inform them that merchandise must be returned or client's credit card will be charged. If declined
status is obtained, collection action is then taken.
*      EDI: Communication through EDI (electronic data interchange) generating customer orders, invoices,
and customer returns with companies such as Staples, Best Buy, Home Shopping Network, Cendant
Corporation and Hecht's.


SHELDON I. DORENFEST & ASSOCIATES, LTD.       Chicago, IL
Word Processing Supervisor      July 1993 - July 1998
Acted as interim manager from December 1995 to August 1997 and from December 1997 to July 1998.
Assigned projects to department staff and ensure deadlines are met. Oversaw and maintained quality
control of report production department. Trained staff in computer software and troubleshooting
software problems throughout the company. Oversaw company's evolution to Microsoft Office '97,
including organizing staff training, implementing schedule for implementation, and created requisite
customizations and procedures to ensure a smooth transition. Assisted manager in overseeing
day-to-day activities of department. Devised and implemented new department structure necessitated
by change in company focus and addition of off-site department employee. Managed production of
seminar and symposium materials and other special projects. Organized and facilitated projects with
multiple deadlines and priorities.


HQ CHICAGO, INC.             Chicago, IL
Senior Word Processing Secretary      August 1989 - July 1993
Produced word processing for clients by composing documents utilizing basic equipment, business and
report expertise; Assisted co-workers and clients with trouble shooting of software/hardware and
ideas for project formatting and layout; Produced weekly and monthly reports that reflected each
individuals projected revenue.


 EDUCATION

ROBERT MORRIS UNIVERSITY May 1998 - July 1999; Associates in Business Administration

CATHERINE COLLEGE  August 1986 - July 1987; Secretarial/Word Processing Courses



