

MALEIGHA COOPER

Rootstown, Ohio, 44272, USmaleighacooper@outlook.com



Skills Scheduling Time management skills
Customer service Problem resolution

Education
Some college (No degree) | Social Work | Walden University | Minneapolis, MN


Some college (No degree) | Early Childhood Education | Hiram College | Hiram, OH

Classroom management: Building effective learning environments
Developmentally Appropriate Practice
Education, Culture, and Society
Fundamentals of mathematics I and II


Some college (No degree) | Psychology | Hiram College | Hiram, OH

General psychology
Careers in psychology
Research design and analysis
Applied Health and Disability Studies: Ableism/Ageism

2017
High School | Rootstown High School | Rootstown, OH

Work History 8/21 to 11/22
Salon Receptionist | Aloe Salon | Bonita Springs, FL

Provided excellent customer service in response to customer requests at the front
desk.
Was able to effectively respond to customer requests via phone and email, as well as
answer questions and inquiries.
Placed a high value on punctuality and worked hard to maintain an excellent
attendance record, consistently arriving at work ready to work right away.
Was in charge of daily closing tasks, ensuring that the register matched the
transactions.
Employees were assigned duties or work schedules to ensure adequate shift
coverage.
Explained regulations, policies, and procedures to new hires to ensure that they
understood and followed them.
Was in charge of answering clients' calls and keeping the schedule full.
Resolved customer complaints or problems to reduce escalation issues to corporate.
Cleaned salon equipment and organized facility linens.




1/21 to 7/21
Daycare Assistant | The Goddard School of Uniontown | Uniontown, OH

Devised and implemented crafts and other activities in order to pique interest and
promote growth.
Used positive behavior management techniques to improve social interactions and
emotional development.
Promoted learning and social development through structured and unstructured
playtime.
Sanitized dishes, tabletops, toys, and other frequently touched surfaces to prevent
germs from spreading.
Used developmentally appropriate discipline to enforce rules and manage behavior.
Assisted with lunchtime supervision, assisting with eating, and serving food.

9/20 to 1/21
Activities Assistant | Elmwood Assisted Living & Skilled Nursing of Fremont |
Fremont, OH

Assisted residents in the development and maintenance of interpersonal
relationships, social skills, mental abilities, and self-confidence.
Oversaw off-site activities and accompanied residents on their outings.
Kept track of allergies and dietary restrictions, ensuring that residents received the
proper meals and snacks.
Planned weekly activities for the assigned group and facilitated smooth transitions so
that everyone arrived on time.
Promoted an exceptional quality of life for all residents by innovating, organizing,
and conducting entertaining and stimulating activities.

9/19 to 9/20
Nanny | Care.com | Rootstown, OH

Communicated with children at age-appropriate levels to encourage understanding
and foster relationships.
Regulated the schedules of my children in order to strike a balance between rest,
learning, and play.
Promoted language development skills through reading and storytelling.
Followed routines to provide stability and structure in the lives of the children while
parents were away.
Created a child-friendly environment that included engaging activities, safe spaces,
and educational materials and games.

