
Charles Brown



Objective
To obtain a challenging skilled-labor position with the opportunity to grow with the company.

Skills
Forklift Operator      Painting            Heavy machinery operator
Deburr                  Plumbing            Warehouse
Sanding            Scanner operator      Logistics
Mechanical            Tools recognition      Good communication
Work Experience

Hewlett Packard/B.C Forward                         January 2017 - March 2017
Moat Fill Dispense Manufacturing Operator
    *      Maintained and operated moat fill machine
    *      Performed parts check on moat filled machine daily
    *      Conducted vision inspection on moat machine daily
    *      Ran test pens and performed system data entries
    *      Added adhesive to a moat machine daily
    *      Performed dye inspecting on moat machine before each shift
    *      Rejected or reworked defected pens dep from moat machine after closely inspecting each pen
    *      Maintained cleanliness of equipment and work area

SJS Construction                                              April 2016-December 2016
General Labor
    *      Made the precast for the concrete
    *      Assembled and set up the rebar for the frames
    *      Cleaned the molds and repaired the cracks in the concrete
    *      Installed all light sockets, plexiglass, toilets, and sinks
    *      Painted the walls with rollers and spray paint
    *      Mixed hazardous chemicals

Veridiam/Target C.W.                                                March 2015 - March 2016
Manufacturing Helper
    *      Deburr, straighten and sand parts to customer specifications
    *      Assisted the production operators, technicians and specialists in the operation of equipment
      and machinery
    *      Maintained accurate records and logs as required
    *      Loaded and unloaded trucks, and moved materials within the plant by carrying, pushing, rolling
      or operating hand trucks, forklifts, cranes or other material handling equipment
    *      Maintained cleanliness of equipment and work area


Construction Laborer Contractors                         April 2014 - December 2014
General Labor
    *      Cleaned construction site of debris, trash and hazardous materials.
    *      Completed numerous tasks; like painting, installations, electrical and mason work
    *      Loaded and unload equipment from trucks. Installed beds, toilets, stalls, lighting and doors.

Anything Plumbing & Heating Co.      May 2007-Present
Volunteer Assistant
    *      Complete small and large jobs
    *      Assist owner with all aspects of PVC, drywall and modification of home designs and upgrades
    *      Highlights are: Painting, Maintenance and Retrofitting


October 2007-April 2008
Site Manager
Townspeople of San Diego      San Diego, CA
*Ensured that tenants abided by the Lease Agreement and all house rules; assumed the responsibility
of basic upkeep of the entire property. Met weekly with the Housing Director to discuss issues
related to the property as a whole. Coordinated monthly residents meeting and participated in the
screening process of potential tenants.
December 2006-March 2007
Maintenance Technician
MSI Production Services            San Diego, CA
*Assisted with the construction of multi-use and performance stages; repaired cargo boxes and
lighting. Additionally, was responsible for loading and unloading of sensitive cargo. Repaired and
replaced damaged equipment for special events such as Presidentail speeches, X-Games, Politcal
parties. Warehouse coordinator for shipping and replacing new and old equipment.

December 2005-June 2006
Carpenter Assistant
Orange Coast Construction Co      Orange, CA
*Worked with other staff members to complete all jobs. General work included but was not limited to:
Refurbishing condominiums, framing, scaffolding, installing edge metal and siding, and painting.

Education
Basic High School Las Vegas, NV Received Diploma