
1




          JR                                         JORDAN RAMOS

                                                   3213 BARRINGTON DRIVE VIRGINIA BEACH, VIRGINIA 23452
                                                   TELEPHONE: 757-998-0195 EMAIL: JORDANJRAMOS23@GMAIL.COM

OBJECTIVE


I am seeking to obtain a position as
a team-player in a people-oriented
organization where I can maximize
my customer-service and technical
experience in a challenging
environment to achieve the overall
goals.



SKILLS


Strong Interpersonal
communication skills.
Problem analysis and problem
solving.
Organizational skills and customer
service orientation.
Adaptability and ability to work
under pressure.
Team Leader



EDUCATION


 GED * 2008 * ADULT EDUCATION
 CENTER



VOLUNTEER/LEADERSHIP


Volunteer to assist on various
audio/visual projects. Create
music and graphics that are used
by local aspiring artists.

EXPERIENCE


FLOORING INSTALLATION TECH *FUTURE FLOORS INC * 1/2020-PRESENT
Responsible for installation and repair work of both residential and commercial
settings. Prior to install, prepare floors for surfaces for installation or repair by
removing old flooring material, sweeping, scraping, sand and chip away debris.
Repair any irregularities of the floors base surfaces by filling cracks with putty or
leveling cement. Once floor is prepped for install responsible to estimate and
measure the area of install to properly cut floor materials to match the agreedupon
blueprints and sketches. New foundations are often required which involves
marking the layout, centerline and borders with chalk and other dividers. Once
prep work is complete the new install of floors is accomplished.

WELDER'S HELPER/FIRE WATCH *A-TEAM SHIP REPAIR * 8/2019-PRESENT
Prepare the job site in a manner which enables the welder to do nothing more
than complete the weld. Preparation includes: measuring the area of interest,
removing insulation, running lines to provide ventilation, gas and power to the
work area as well as paint removal, grinding and cleaning of surfaces in order to
produce a smooth finished product for the welding to begin. Ensure that the job
site is clear of any and all obstruction by removing/dropping any items that may
be obstructing the area such as, but not limited to, vents, lights, and pipes. Finally,
fire proof the area by removing all combustibles for the vicinity and fabricate an
enclosure to protect the site from the elements (wind and rain). Whenever
needed, cut out items called out in the work specification for removal such as
doors and/or plates. Responsible for ongoing housekeeping of the job site and
upon completion of the work, break down the job site.

HOUSEMAN/RUNNER* OCEAN AIR RESPORT * 7/2018 - 7/2019
Responsible for the following duties on all assigned floors: keeping all closets
clean and fully stocked, vacuuming rugs, sweeping floors, and mopping elevator
landings, emptying trash receptacles, removing dirty linen from the bedrooms
and bathrooms areas of guest suites and responding to guest calls and ensuring
that all requests were fulfilled in record time.

DISHWASHER-PREP COOK * PLAZA AZTECA * 6/2018-6/2019
Scrape and sort dishes before loading them into a dishwashing machine, monitor
water temperature during sanitary wash cycle. Unload machine to put away
utensils and dishes at proper storage units. Sweep and scrub kitchen floors to
ensure a clean and tidy work area. Bag and discard kitchen trash at intervals.
Maintain adequate levels of detergents and other cleaning supplies. Assist in the
preparation and serving of food as may be required. Refer to Daily Prep List for
assigned duties. Understand and comply with portion sizes, cooking methods,
quality standards, and kitchen rules, policies and procedures. Portion food
productions prior to cooking according to size and recipe specifications. Maintain
a clean and sanitary work station area including tables, shelves, walls grills,

2


                                           fryers, sauté burners, flat top range and refrigeration equipment. Assists in
                                           opening the kitchen by following the opening checklist for kitchen stations.
                                           Promptly report equipment and food quality problems to Kitchen Manager.
                                           Participate in periodic meetings and contribute to the growth of an establishment.
                                           Stock supplies, load or unload trucks using hand trucks to move supplies or
                                           equipment from a storage area to work area. Maintain dishwashing machine and
                                           report any mechanical faults to supervisor. Stock and arrange kitchen utensils and
                                           dishes in an orderly manner. Handle glassware and other fragile tableware to
                                           prevent breakage. Maintain a customer-focused attitude while performing job
                                           duties.




           SCHOOL
                                                            2




3




           SCHOOL
                                                            3




4




           SCHOOL
                                                            4




5




           SCHOOL
                                                            5

