
STEPHANIE                                     PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

CHESHIRE                                      Property Manager adept at overseeing staff and
                                              maintenance teams and acting as liaison between residents
                                              and board members. Successful background managing
      stephaniecheshire198t5                  large, multi-family complexes of over 20 units. Exceptional
      @gmail.com                              record of maintaining profitability through positive resident
                                              relations and cost controls. Dedicated property manager
      (910) 431-0812                          with in-depth knowledge of tenant, landlord and
                                              association laws. Resourceful problem solver with strong
      Winter Haven, FL 33880                  computer skills. Efficiently oversee all operational aspects

                                              of 20 buildings, including building positive tenant
                                              relationships, managing office operations and coordinating
                                              maintenance. Effective at keeping consistent balance
                                              between tenants rights and business targets to maintain
                                              financial goals. Detail-oriented and organized Property
                                              Manager effective at managing personnel, property and
                                              special projects. Diversely qualified Health Aide trained
                                              and certified in providing ranging services, including skilled
                                              nursing, assisted living, post-acute medical and
                                              rehabilitation, hospice care and physical therapy. Provide
                                              empathetic, personal care to patients, promoting comfort
                                              and support. Skilled in working with disabled and elderly
                                              patients with patience, humor and attention to detail.
                                              Punctual individual enthusiastically handling numerous
                                              tasks, including cleaning and bathing in fast-paced
                                              environment. Conscientious and attentive professional
                                              available to work any shift, including holidays.. Patient
                                              hha/cna offering 10 years of experience assisting others.
                                              Committed to delivering top-notch care, administering
                                              medication and performance . Offers talents in HHAand
                                              CNA. Healthcare professional and home companion with
                                              strong history of providing support to clients within
                                              business environments to deliver comprehensive
                                              administrative assistance. Providing knowledge of clerical
                                              tasks, project support, scheduling, time management,
                                              assignment prioritization and customer service. Quickly
                                              resolving issues, handling conflicting priorities, remaining
                                              flexible and striving to exceed organizational goals.
                                              Well-qualified Personal Care worker skilled in delivering
                                              top-quality home care support. Effective at ambulating
                                              patients, meeting personal grooming needs and
                                              administering medications. Detail-oriented in maintaining




                                              clean and organized personal areas to support daily living
                                              safety.

SKILLS

*  Budget Preparation
*  Violation Resolution
*  Dispute Handling
*  Client Relations
*  Client Relationship and
   Rapport
*  Mobility Assistance
*  Patient Massage
*  Dietary Orders Compliance
*  Bathing Support
*  Family Support and
   Instruction
*  Verbal and Written
   Communication
*  Bed Making and Changing
*  Activities of Daily Living
   (ADLs)
*  Patient Progress
   Documentation
*  Mental Health Support
*  Home Cleaning and
   Sanitizing
*  Patient Care Recordkeeping

WORK HISTORY

Alma Networking     - Property Manager
Winter Haven   , FL *    02/2014 - Current
i rent out rooms collect rent and makes sure property is
clean for the owner. I also help with the elderly people
living in the building with doctors appointments and care

Home Depo Remote       - Customer Service Representative
Winter Haven   , FL *    03/2020 - 06/2021
i took pavements for customer and also helped them place
orders

JIM - Caregiver
Wilmington  , NC  *    02/2008 - 12/2013
i TOOK CARE OF JIM I BATHES HIM CLEAN THE HOUSE
COOKED MEALS TOOK TO DOCTORS APPOINTMENTS AND TO
HANDLE PERSONAL AFFAIRS

EDUCATION

OPPORTUNITY TRAINING
CAREERS
Miami Beach, FL    *    06/2021

HHA/CNA CERTIFICATE       :
HEALTHCARE

Eugene Ashley High School
Wilmington, NC    *    05/2004




High School Diploma


CERTIFICATIONS

*  Certified HOME HEALTH
   AIDE AND NURSING
   ASSISTANT

