

Nyiesha L. Williams

Phillipsburg, NJ | (973) 444-1041 | nyiesha80@gmail.com


PROFESSIONAL PROFILE

Nyiesha is an accomplished front-line Mortgage Underwriter with expert-level knowledge from her 19+
years in the mortgage industry. Her deep industry experience grows from a foundation built from
various operations positions in addition to credit analysis rolesprocessing, closing, and funding.
As an underwriter, Nyiesha prioritizes both qualities of work and customer service to both internal
and external customers as evidenced by company awards and new hire responsibilities given.

Accomplishments include - Five-time Customer Service Award recipient, Three-time President's Club
Winner, and Certified Operations New Hire Facilitator.

EXPERIENCE

Sprout Mortgage LLC, Remote            January 2020 to July 2022
Underwriter - Wholesale
    *      Work independently and identify solutions to complicated problems.
    *      Submit exception requests for loans not meeting Sprout guidelines.
    *      Maintain quality and production standards as set forth by management.
    *      Effectively communicate, orally, in writing, and via email, the decisions reached to maintain
      positive working relationships with internal and external customers.
    *      Evaluate credit, assets, and property documents in loan files, identifying potential risks and
      compensating factors in accordance with Sprout and/or applicable agency (FNMA/Non-QM)
      guidelines.
    *      Review 5-6 loans per day as assigned by the underwriting and/or operations manager.
    *      Identify key loan factors impacting borrower eligibility, property eligibility, and credit
      qualification for complex or atypical financial profiles, collateral, and loan structures.
    *      Communicate with AM & AE verbally or via e-mail for clarity or to request additional
      documentation to support/assist in rendering a loan decision.
    *      Assist Wholesale UW team with policy and procedure questions as an UW liaison


REMN Wholesale, Iselin, NJ            February 2015 to January 2020
Production Underwriter
    *      Review loan files to determine risk and validate that all requirements of Home Bridge's/REMN
      product descriptions have been met and the loan is underwritten in accordance with investor
      and/or applicable agency (FNMA, FHLMC, JUMBO, Non-QM) guidelines.
    *      Analyze documentation and loan attributes for accuracy and maintains compliance with all
      loans.
    *      Represent the company in a professional and enthusiastic manner by providing an exceptional
      level of customer service, supporting the mission statement, and adhering to our core values
      in all functions of my job responsibilities and interaction with internal and external
      customers.
    *      Understand and adhere to all department, division, and corporate policies and procedures as it
      pertains to my job responsibilities.
    *      Ensure all data noted in the loan origination system is consistent with documentation
      contained in the loan file in the imaging system.
    *      Meet designated turn times for initial underwrites, condition reviews, and email response
      times.
    *      Build team morale and help to define a customer-centric, positive atmosphere.
    *      Work with other internal departments to resolve any issues expeditiously.
    *      Train new Underwriters to become acclimated with REMN guidelines and procedures.
    *      Review new Underwriter's loans to assure they adhered to REMN and agency guidelines.




American Financial Resources, Inc., Parsippany, NJ      September 2011 to February 2015
Conventional Underwriter (Retail/Wholesale)
    *      Communicated loan decisions within required turn-times utilizing the desktop underwriting
      automated underwriting system.
    *      Ensured loan submittals met internal and external conventional eligibility requirements
      following the Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, HARP, and Homestyle Renovation guidelines while
      simultaneously working in the retail and wholesale division.
    *      Provided meticulous attention to detail when evaluating the financial strength of borrowers to
      determine risk and repayment capacity while meeting the high standards of the quality control
      department with zero error ratings on audited files.
    *      Demonstrated excellent follow-up with brokers, loan processors, account managers, loan
      originators, account executives, and management throughout all phases of the underwriting
      process.
    *      Leveraged knowledge of loan products to assist in the restructuring of declined loans for
      subsequent approvals while maintaining compliance with lending, underwriting, and conventional
      requirements.


Pioneer Staffing, East Hanover, NJ      October 2010 to February 2011
Home Services Specialist II
    *      Processed and approved loans with the assistance of the desktop underwriting automated
      decision system within designated signing authority limits.
    *      Cleared conditions and issued changes to the terms on previously approved loans.
    *      Verified conditions of approval which included customer income/assets documentation.
    *      Resolved routine title issues including vesting issues, child support liens, judgment liens,
      mechanic liens, and undisclosed lien re-conveyance, processed subordinations; resolve
      appraisal disputes; depending on the channel, coordinated closing activities.
    *      Maintained a high level of customer service by being proactive in communication with
      customers, banking center associates, realtors, and loan originators.
    *      Focused on communication with customers and the sales force in the closing process of the
      loan.


Fynanz, Inc., Manhattan, NY            June 2010 to October 2010
Underwriter
    *      Reviewed a high volume of loan application documentation including income verification,
      enrollment documentation, and identification to determine validity.
    *      Reviewed loan records and determined debt-to-income ratios, as well as other credit review
      criteria.
    *      Performed follow-up activity within loan records as required including requesting additional
      information.
    *      Verified that all loan applications were in compliance with underwriting criteria.
    *      Revamped the underwriting guidelines to improve the review process of all loan applications.
    *      Provided management with weekly reports to assist in the improvement of the loan process.
    *      Performed outbound calls to provide conflict resolution in response to customer feedback
      pertaining to loan products and any customer service-related issues.


EDUCATION

University of Phoenix            Bachelor's Degree: Accounting            Expected Graduation: May 2025
                        GPA: 3.96

