
Albert E. Sibley
Page 2, Resume


ALBERT E. SIBLEY
503 Tish Circle #303 / Arlington, TX 76006      Email: Albert_Sibley@Yahoo.com
Mobile: (214) 728-2739

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

January 2015 - Accountant Completion Industrial Metals KForce Employment Ft Worth, TX
Accountant Park Place Dealership VIP Search Group Dallas, TX

    *      . Assisted with quality reporting through timely and well-documented accounts reconciliations
      and assisted with account payables and performed other job related duties as assigned.

March 11, 2013 - August 2014 Sr. Grant Accountant City of Fort Worth, Texas
 *      Oversee and participate in professional accounting activities including general ledger
   reconciliation, financial reporting, budgeting, grant reporting, and auditing; review and analyze
   various records and reports; respond to inquiries or complaints.
 *      Oversee a variety of accounts and general ledgers; prepare monthly fiscal reports and special
   reports relating to the progress in assigned account areas. Manage grant contracts and prepare
   required financial reports; review and control grant budget; prepare projected income and grant
   performance reports;
 *      Review financial system reports for revenues and expenditures; make corrections and adjustments.
   Monitor and balance various accounts including verifying availability of funds and classification
   of expenditures.
 *      Review ledgers, registers, journals, logs, and related financial record keeping documents; ensure
   compliance with established accounting standards and procedures; make corrections and
   adjustments..
 *      Review draft Mayor and Council communications for availability of funds; make corrections and
   adjustments to financial sections of communications.
 *      Assist in the preparation of the City's financial statements and single audit reports. Assist
   external auditors from grant agencies and from the City's independent auditor in support of the
   annual and special audits; prepare response to audit findings and resolutions.

November 2009 - January 2012      Fixed Assets/Grant Accountant      Ft Worth ISD
 *      Performed grant-related post-award functions, which included budget and expense analysis,
   periodic invoicing, financial reporting, labor distribution changes and associated communications
   with customers, reconciliations, and re-budgeting.
 *      Performed grant closeout functions which were required by Grants and Contracts Administration and
   sponsors including reconciliations, financial status reports, final invoices, purchase order
   liquidations, zeroed out budgets, and final reporting.
 *      Reviewed general ledger transactions to ensure accuracy and completed journal entries.
 *      Fixed Assets Accountant reconciled fixed asset subsidiary ledgers to the General Ledger monthly.
   Resolved any resulting discrepancy discovered.

March 2008 - April 2009      Fixed Assets Accountant      Texas Instruments
    *      Followed standard practices in analyzing situations or data from which answers could be
      readily obtained; prepared variances, special reports and physical inventories as requested.
    *      Performed research to identify the business or operational issues that affect the company's
      fixed assets, as well as recommend ways of improving the existing system and processes.
    *      Prepared analyses on changes in the Fixed Assets and accumulated depreciation accounts and
      communicated findings and recommendations to management.




March 2007 - February 2008      Reimbursement Auditor      Trail Blazer Health Enterprise LLC -
    *      Performed financial auditing functions related to hospitals, skilled nursing facilities,
      (ESRD's) End Stage Renal Disease Facilities and Rural Area Hospitals
 *      Utilized the Fiscal Hospital System to review providers' cost reports for acceptability to
   perform initial desk audit and final reviews based on CMS (Center for Medicare/Medicaid Services)
   guidelines
 *      Issued timely Notices of Program Reimbursements to providers to finalize cost reports
 *      Assisted other auditors in completing their assignments as a means of maximizing audit
   efficiency.
 *      Reviewed wage index and occupational mix data to complete cost report reviews
 *      Initiated demand letter for unfiled cost reports and requested withholding of payments


August 1998 - March 2006      Fixed Assets Accountant      MCI
 *      Worked in conjunction with Project Managers, AP, AR, and Procurement to ensure that projects are
   budgeted correctly, completed on time and rolled up accurately to the proper corporate entity.
 *      Other responsibilities included G/L settlement, month-end account reconciliation, and preparation
   of various entries for uploading using GAAP as the guide.
 *      Approved purchase requests placed on the nDS (National Data System)order system and PR Web which
   are in-house online ordering systems for PCs, Servers, LAN Equipment, and all types of
   Communications Equipment
 *      Utilized SAP (Systems Application Projects) Accounting System, specifically Asset Management,
   Project Management and Finance Modules to execute the aforementioned duties.
 *      Worked with Microsoft Word, Excel, MCI mainframe applications
 *      Maintained guidelines to satisfy the strict compliance for Sarbanes Oxley regulations.


October 1992 - 08/98      Accountant      Collin County MHMR
 *      Accurately prepared financial reports, tax reports and audits
 *      Monitored budget of One Million Dollars for (HCS) home and community based services program
 *      Responsible for payroll for all employees in agency
 *      Prepared ICF/MR Cost Reports, processed expense reports, in accordance to GAAP
 *      Performed reconciliation of monthly statements, recorded general ledger entries into Keystone
   system
 *      Verified and coded account payables, reconciled payroll account
 *      Processed bi-weekly federal, FICA and withholding deposits
 *      Performed quarterly internal audits on petty cash and client monies
 *      Prepared spreadsheets for calculations, utilized accounting system for various daily job
   functions

SKILLS/QUALIFICATIONS
 *      Proficient in the execution of accounting and banking processes
 *      Strong Finance analytical and problem solving abilities
 *      Utilization of SAP (Systems Applications Projects)Accounting System
 *      Software proficiency: Excel, Word
 *      Focused and accomplished with (GAAP)Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 *      Adaptable to learn new concepts and responsibilities; Self-motivated and detailed


EDUCATION
            Northwestern State University, Natchitoches, LA      B. S., Business Administration -
      Major: Accounting Minor:  Finance 12 hours towards MBA
Commissioned into U. S. Army Reserves, 2nd Lieutenant      Military Police Officers Basic School.
Ft. McClellan, Alabama.
      H & R Block Tax School, 1990 Tax Specialist/Consultant

