
Sherry Williams
708 Highland Crest Drive    sawntx@sbcglobal.net
Hurst, TX 76054    817-343-3270 (Mobile)


Qualifications Summary
A results-oriented business professional with over 15 years of executive
administration, personal assistance, and office and property management
experience serving the real estate, healthcare and advertising
industries.  Demonstrates abilities to manage office operations,
large-scale projects, corporate meetings, conferences and events.
Extensive experience with executive calendar management and travel
planning.    Effective and timely in response to employee and client
needs.  Able to work independently to complete complex tasks while
maintaining tight time frames and strict confidentiality. Professional,
competent, personable, and good technical skills in Microsoft Office
applications such as Outlook, Word and Excel.

Career Experience

Southwest Bank Trust - Fort Worth, Texas
Executive Assistant/Trust Coordinator
   * Responsible for Trust Client operations of opening new accounts,
     bringing in assets, working with outside brokers.  Also maintain all
     administrative duties for Executive Vice President of Trust.  Handle
     real estate management for Trust clients.  Coordinate oil and gas
     assets for Trust clients. Extension spreadsheet reports for Trust
     Committee.

Pennybacker Capital- Fort Worth, Texas    2006 - 2008
Executive Assistant/Office and Property Management
   * Responsible for maintaining travel, correspondence, transcription,
     calendar management,
group meetings, phone and messaging, and personal assistance as needed.
   * Manage the day to day office needs for the company in respect to
     property management,
phone system maintenance, security, mail, order supplies, pay bills,
company and office
moves, office and furniture planning.

Advance PCS/Ke Ohana Management, LTD - Irving, Texas    2002 - 2006
Executive and Personal Assistant
   * Maintained calendar, correspondence, travel arrangements, phone
     communication.
   * Coordinated group meetings with heavy travel arrangements.
   * Maintained family's home accounts payable.
   * Maintained family home and health insurance, auto and boat
   registrations, phones.

Hillwood - A Perot Company, Fort Worth, Texas    1995 - 2002
Executive Assistant to CEO
   * Responsible for the administrative responsibilities for Chief
     Executive Officer.
   * Exercised the ability to handle high-pressure situations and
     deadlines.
   * Maintained heavy communication and calendar schedules.
   * Coordinated and arranged off-site special events and executive
   retreats.

Neiman Marcus, Fort Worth, Texas    1993 - 1995
Cosmetics Sales Representative
   * Produced top 10 sales results in cosmetic department.
   * Developed and maintained a high volume client base.


Voluntary Hospitals of America, Irving, Texas    1986 - 1993
Administrative Assistant
   * Responsible for the administrative responsibilities for Senior Vice
     President.
   * Maintained the calendar and scheduling, correspondence, travel
     arrangements, phone and messaging, meeting planning and events.

Temerlin McClain, Irving, Texas    1983 - 1986
Administrative Assistant to CEO
   * Assisted the CEO in all social and business responsibilities.
   * Responsible for phone and messaging, managed all correspondence for
   the CEO and scheduled social events.
   * Planned itineraries and arranged business and personal travel.

Education:
   * Caprock High School, Amarillo, Texas - Business and Administrative
     Studies