
Shane J. Ely

2644 Associated Road A121

Fullerton, CA 92835

(714) 745-3037

armyshane@gmail.com


Objective

A position in Management providing the opportunity to make strong
contributions to organizational goals through continued
development of professional skills.

Career

*   Material Handler, 2005 to Present
    McMaster-Carr, Santa Fe Springs, CA

    Responsible for packing and handling of orders and shipments,
    logistics of personnel, equipment and products.
    Specializing in hazardous material processing. Responsible for floor
    and flow paths of packages to expedite shipments
    and reduce costs. Collaborating with management to develop processes
    that minimize redundancies and increase
    efficiency. Operator and certified trainer on various size forklifts,
    electric pallet jacks and order picker vehicles.

    Achievement
    Developed a process to expeditiously receive incoming packages that
    reduced required personnel and saved the
    company over $100,000 annually.
    Identified inefficiencies in material handling that lead to the
    reduction of stock keeping times by more than 30%.


*   Staff Sergeant, 2010 to Present
    National Guard, California and Afghanistan

    11th FSC, 1-144th FA - Logistics Section Chief. Plan and direct
    military transport vehicle operations which include
    ordinance, rations and other combat resupplies. Other
    responsibilities include supervising and training team for combat
    operations and providing expert guidance to commanders.

    756 Transportation Company - Electronic Warfare Officer. Responsible
    for installing multimillion dollar electronic warfare
    equipment designed to deny enemy communication and counter Radio
    Controlled Improvised Explosive Devices
    (RCIED). Trained other officers as the RCIED Master Trainer.
    Graduated with Honors. Provided technical assistance as
    subject matter expert to support units. Oversaw electronic warfare
    inspections. Maintained and developed mission staffing
    and equipment. Directed unit training and provided technical advice
    and assistance to commanders. Determined
    electronic protection requirements and support mission requirements.

    Achievements
    Army Commendation Medal
    Military Outstanding Volunteer Service Medal for assisting the youth
    and orphanages in Afghanistan.
    Certified Army Contracting Officer Representative


*   Sergeant, 2001 to 2005
    United States Army, Fort Bragg, NC and Baghdad, Iraq.

    Paratrooper in the 82nd Airborne Division. Served as squad leader
    with five soldiers under my supervision. Responsible
    for training, counseling and development of squad into a cohesive
    team of technical and tactical experts. Graduated from
    the Army's Primary Leadership and Development Course, finished second
    in class of over two hundred soldiers. Learned
    to train and lead junior enlisted soldiers focusing on communication
    and decision making.

Shane J. Ely

2644 Associated Road A121

Fullerton, CA 92835

(714) 745-3037

armyshane@gmail.com


    Served as personal assistant and driver to Battalion commander.
    Assisted in performing combat operations, provided
    security for American soldiers, our nation and the Iraqi people.


    Achievements
    Two Army Commendation Medals
    Army Achievement Medal
    Noncommissioned Officer's Professional Development Ribbon

*   Security Officer Supervisor, 1997 to 2000
    Security Forces Inc., Greenville, SC

    Supervised shifts, maintained physical security with computer
    surveillance systems. Learned critical public relations
    skills, teamwork, and taking initiatives on individual tasks.

Education

*   Bachelor of Arts in Criminal Justice, California State University,
    Fullerton, California, 2008
    * Graduated Cum Laude

Other Proficiencies

*   Current DOD Secret Clearance
*   Proficient with Microsoft Outlook, PowerPoint, Excel and Word.
*   Certified Master Weapons Trainer
*   Military Master Driver and Trainer
*   Avid SCUBA diver and snow skier