
Steve Arnold

Construction Manager
Bonney Lake, WA
253-777-5426 cell
arnold.home@yahoo.com

OVERVIEW

Completed every project on time or ahead of schedule and under budget,
with

Years of Experience: 16+
zero litigation. Has a very diverse construction management skill set.
Currently
employed as a Construction Manager. Owned and operated a general
contracting          Experience History
construction company. Managed multiple projects of various sizes
simultaneously.      Board of Directors
Experience with large construction projects (billion-dollar total project
cost) and   Disabled Sportsmen of North
smaller projects including shopping mall renovations, casino remodel and
retrofits,   America
office and commercial buildings, tenant improvement, homes, multifamily
dwellings     Bonney Lake, WA

Sep. 2010- Current
and ADA compliance. Highly focused on safety. Attention to detail and
excellent
communication skills. An asset to any project team
Construction Manager

Pinnacle Construction Enterprises
SELECTED RECENT PROJECTS
Tacoma, WA

Jan. 2012 - Current
Kleiner Memorial Park - Meridian, ID

Construction Manager III
Construction Manager for the construction of a 62 acre municipal park.
This           Parametrix
project was recently selected for the Idaho ACEC Outstanding Civil
Engineering        Tacoma, WA
Achievement of the year (2011). Lead the project team that included the
Kleiner       Mar. 2009 - Jan 2012
Trust, City Parks officials, architects, design engineers, landscape
designers,
artists and general contractors. This job required massive coordination
with          Purchasing / Warehouse Manager
multiple players. The City of Meridian, the county parks department, Ada
County,      Calpine Corporation
the highway division, the irrigation district, the EPA, DNR, OSHA,
Inter-mountain     Hermiston, OR
Gas, Idaho Power, several adjacent developers, existing HOA's and many
others.        Sep. 2004 - May 2009
The project included extensive in-ground work, road work, landscaping,
and

Owner / General Contractor
construction of several buildings including a 14,000 sq ft senior center.
Servpro of Weld County

Greeley, CO
Point Rustin/ASARCO Owners Representative Services - Tacoma, WA
Jan. 2002 - Aug. 2004
Provided on-site construction observation and on-site management for
this
shoreline reclamation Superfund clean-up/construction project. Documented
the         Construction Coordinator / Trainer
progress and all aspects of the construction, in-water work and dock
demolition.      Agilent Technologies

Fort Collins, CO
Worked with the land owner, developer, the Department of Natural
Resources and

Aug. 1998 - Mar. 2002
the Department of Environmental Quality. Prepared engineers estimates and
site
assessments. Facilitated planning meetings and promoted good
communication            Construction Coordinator
between team members. Monitored and reported on daily construction
activity.          Hewlett Packard
Scheduled inspections and collected sea life and other samples for
testing to         Corvallis, OR
insure compliance with the laws and regulations. Confirmed conformance
with the       Jun. 1991 - Aug. 1998
design documents and compliance with all regulations.

Education
Emerald Queen Casino Owners Representative Services - Tacoma, WA
AA General Science
On-site Construction Management for the Puyallup Tribe of Indians on a
large          extensive coursework in

Mechanical Engineering and
remodel and structural retrofit project. The overall project scope of
work included   Business
extensive structural modifications, complete interior and exterior
remodel,
landscaping, re-roofing, HVAC, fire systems, ADA compliance construction,
Registrations
extensive in-ground work including water, sewer, power and
communications.            40 hour HAZWPR trained and
Parking lot construction, storm drainage and road work improvements.
Duties           certified by the Port of Tacoma
included managing the construction and the design teams, documentation
control
and monitoring of all construction activities, schedules, all testing and
building
inspections to ensure conformance with the contract documents and
applicable
regulations. Reviewed the construction documents to insure compliance to
the
design. Tracked changes to the contract and project costs and monitored
schedule. Interfaced between the owner, general contractors, and design
team
members. Assisted with and identified construction issues and
coordinated
solutions to mitigate delays.
PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE

Pinnacle Construction Enterprises, LLC - Tacoma, WA
Construction Manager, In charge of all aspects of construction
management.
Prepare bids, create Statements of Qualifications, create Project Teams,
solicit,
negotiate contracts, hire sub-contractors, and win work.

Parametrix - Tacoma, WA
Construction Manager III,
All phases of Construction Management. Proposal and interview,
pre-construction,
design team selection and management, estimating, preparing Engineers
Estimates, budget, safety plan, environmental impact plan, permitting,
gant charts,
schedule planning, construction, construction observation / inspection,
regulatory
compliance, documentation, project deliverables, closeout and warranty.

Calpine Corp. - Hermiston, OR
Purchasing / Warehouse Manager, Managed and operated a large warehouse
at
a power plant (purchasing, inventory, receiving, vendor accounts, issuing
parts
and supplies, customer satisfaction, etc.) Administered Continuing
Service
Agreements (CSA's) and managed contract employees for custodial,
landscape,
HVAC, telecom, office equipment, laundry, etc. for the entire site.

Servpro of Weld County - Greeley, CO
Owner / General Contractor, Managed all aspects of a small specialized
construction business with 14 employees including hiring and firing,
purchasing,
equipment maintenance, work schedule, inventory, personnel, payroll,
finance,
etc. Maintained a large warehouse with inventory of tools trucks and
equipment
and handled all customer complaints and concerns personally to insure
complete
customer satisfaction. Performed all types of construction, remodeling,
floor
covering and restoration.

Agilent Technologies - Fort Collins, CO
Project Coordinator / Trainer, Primarily worked on a large construction
project of a
new clean room fabrication facility. Worked with project start-up,
permitting, site
prep, civil work and utilities, environmental and water/waste water
management.
Oversaw multiple related smaller projects start to completion, managed
personnel,
budget, schedule, and quality control. Managed contract employees and
subcontractors on construction projects and installation projects of
large
equipment in clean room environments.

Hewlett Packard - Corvallis, OR
Project Coordinator, Oversaw and documented multiple projects start to
completion, managed personnel, budget, schedule, quality and insured
customer
satisfaction. Managed contract employees and sub-contractors to complete
major
construction projects and install equipment in clean room environments.
In charge
of annual site maintenance shutdowns for a 15,000 personnel site,
planning and
tracking thousands of tasks performed by multiple contractors and
company
personnel over the course of a few days each year with a budget in excess
of $20
million. Drawing and plan reviews, build-ability, forming project teams,
permitting,
and safety plans, etc.