




CHARLES JOSEPH FERRIS
1611 Delaford Drive *Carrollton, Texas 75007 *(214) 564-4708 *Chuck.JF@verizon.net

CAREER OBJECTIVE

To secure an accounting/finance position with varying degrees of responsibility, in a dynamic
environment that values commitment and the ability to easily adapt on a continuous basis. The ideal
position would be one in which I can utilize my strong analytical skills and creativity to help an
organization meet their objectives.

WORK EXPERIENCE

NTT DATA / DELL / PEROT SYSTEMS
Accounting Advisor & Project Specialist      April 2007 to October 2019
    *      Performed monthly and quarterly analysis of financial statement variances and trends.
    *      Prepared quarterly budgets and forecasts, monthly accounting close entries, and monthly
     balance sheet reconciliations.
    *      Performed cost model analysis on the performance of existing client contracts regarding total
     contract profitability.
    *      Prepared monthly invoices to clients and researched questions regarding the status of payments
     and charges.
    *      Performed as the direct interface for contracts administered regarding audit requests and
     provided guidance on revenue growth and expense reductions to senior finance leadership.
    *      Prepared special projects as requested and performed monthly review of account/industry
     finances with operations.

COMTEL TELCOM ASSETS LP
Senior Staff Accountant      September 2003 to April 2007
    *      Performed various levels of financial analysis on revenue, receivables, and reserve.
    *      Prepared internal aging reports, A/R roll forwards, and bad debt calculations on receivables.
    *      Prepared & analyzed monthly revenue journals and cash journals.
    *      Prepared the reconciliation for receivable accounts, receivable clearing accounts, & cash
     accounts.

SNELLING STAFFING SERVICES CORPORATE
Senior Financial Analyst      March 2000 to April 2003
    *      Performed various levels of analysis on financial statements as it relates to gross margin.
    *      Prepared, analyzed, and accounted for prepaid, fixed, and intangible assets.
    *      Reported and accounted for capital and operating leases related to fixed assets.
    *      Prepared, analyzed, and accounted for the accuracy of property taxes.
    *      Reconciled branch operating cash accounts, and payroll bank accounts.
    *      Prepared year-end audit schedules for external auditors.
    *      Prepared P&L journals and balance sheet reconciliations for the monthly general ledger close.

PREVIOUS EMPLOYERS:
PAGENET, INC.                  Senior General Ledger Accountant      November 1998 to February 2000
MCI TELECOMMUNICATIONS            Project Accountant                  January 1998 to October 1998
CITIZENS COMMUNICATIONS, INC.      General Ledger Accountant            April 1994 to December 1997

SOFTWARE SKILLS


Microsoft Excel
Microsoft Word
Microsoft PowerPoint
PeopleSoft
SAP
Hyperion
Business Objects
Oracle
Paradox


EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND

Bachelor of Science in Accounting Control Systems
The University of North Texas, Denton, Texas, Winter 1993

References

References are available upon request.




Charles J. Ferris - Resume
Page 3 of 3




Charles J. Ferris - Resume
Page 7 of 7


