


Jeannine A Maggio
544 N. La Porte Ave., Northlake, IL 60164
Home: 708-562-9832   Cell: 708-912-6222   Email: ajmaggio@comcast.net

Career Objective
Career minded individual seeking a position that challenges my skills and expands my knowledge in a
stable & rewarding environment.

Education
Diploma of Graduation
West Leyden H.S., Northlake, IL

Software
Windows - XP, Vista & 7, Microsoft Office - Outlook, Word, Excel, basic PowerPoint & basic Access,
Salesforce & QuickBooks (2008 & 2011)

Experience

DKI Service Corporation, Wood Dale, IL
Account Specialist
April 2006 to October 2011

Started as an Administrative/Office Assistant. I was the assistant to the President and responsible
for handling all Administrative duties. This included, but was not limited to ordering supplies,
maintaining the appearance of the office, filing etc... I assisted Accounting with AR & AP through
QuickBooks, setting up customers, creating & sending invoices/statements, setting up new accounts &
items, etc... I also assisted other departments with higher level duties. I was a Corporate Liaison
between Departments, Members, Affiliates &Vendors. I assisted with the testing and the
implementation of new systems, policies and procedures, as well as the documentation and the user
training of the new programs.

AAA Chicago Motor Club, Aurora, IL
Information Systems Help Desk Support
Oct 1994 to March 2005

Customer Service Representative in a Branch office, promoted to Senior C.S. Rep., then promoted to a
Branch Supervisor. Eventually transferred to Corporate Office as a IS Control Desk Operator,
promoted to I.S. Help Desk Support. In this roll acquired Information Systems skills responsible for
software implementation, training and support. The systems included: AI Membership, AI Point of
Sale, Travel (Apollo, Global Max, etc.), Emergency Road Service and Microsoft systems.

Principal Financial Group, Lincolnwood, IL
Secretary/Assistant
Jan 1993 to Sep 1994

Responsibilities included servicing all current and prospective clients through personal and phone
contact. Prepared insurance quotes, aided in preparing financial analysts, created and handled
marketing materials (letters, postcards, etc.).

Mazzone's Auto Shop, Franklin Park, IL
Secretary/Office Assistant
Aug 1990 to Sep 1992

Began as a part time Office Assistant to organize finances. Handled bookkeeping, AR/AP, payroll,
receipts, estimates and assist in customer service. Additionally acquired automotive skills and
knowledge.

Professional References
Available upon request.


