
Eric Gooden

Birmingham, AL 35235
goodeneric0@gmail.com
205-317-7418

To obtain and promising and career level position in a growing company with the opportunity for
advancement.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer


Work Experience

Mechanic Assistant
City of Birmingham   -  Birmingham, AL
June 2015 to March 2016

Maintained city and official vehicles for the city of Birmingham such as:
Provided assistance with oil and filter changes for engines and transmissions. Maintained fluid levels;
chassis and equipment lubrication, and gasoline engine tune ups. Assisted mechanic in inspecting,
repairing and maintaining AC and other co-related work.

Hood Technician
EXPRESS OIL CHANGE      -  Birmingham, AL
May 2013 to June 2015

Provided mechanical services to vehicles that entered department such as:
tune ups, brake jobs, wheel alignments, and mounting and balancing tires.

Manufacturing Technician
GR Manufacturing    - Trussville, AL
April 2007 to June 2012

Description:Moving parts to work station by forklift. Using over head crane to apply heavy metal
objects.grinding metal manufactured parts to tractors . New tractors are sent to us for outfitting
that includes comprehensive or complex installations; typically governmental or military. "Kits" or
standard products are sent to Deere dealers for installation at the dealership. Products include:
operator and machine protection, cooling system enhancement, fire suppression, low ground pressure
(undercarriage) conversions, mowing packages and auxiliary counterweights
Service Tech

Service Technician
Firestone  - Birmingham, AL
October 2006 to April 2007

Manager: Cathy
Description: Provide mechanical service to vehicles that enter the department with complaints or
problems Such as tune-ups, brake jobs, axle replacements, replace engines, transmission replacement,
use diagnostic machine to troubleshoot problem, and test drive vehicles to locate problems.
Service Tech




Service Technician
Crown Nissan   -  Birmingham, AL
September 2005 to October 2006

Manager:
Description: Provide mechanical service to vehicles that enter the department with complaints or
problems Such as tune-ups, brake jobs, axle replacements, replace engines, transmission replacement,
use diagnostic machine to troubleshoot problem, and test drive vehicles to locate problems.
Service Tech


Education

Ensley High School
August 1988 to June 1992

