
Vaidehi Patel
38 Gate House Lane
Edison, N.J., 08820
(908)-487-0409
vaidehip07@gmail.com
Profile
Reliable, patient-focused, and determined individual driven to deliver excellent patient care. Dual
focus in psychological and nursing care, with a passion for implementing healthcare regulations
effectively and accurately. Certified and adept in healthcare policies (HIPPA, infection control,
etc.). Ability to adapt and communicate effectively with patients with different health statuses,
financial backgrounds, and culture. Experience with executing quality control and accurately
managing healthcare records through electronic medical record (EMR) systems.
Strengths/Skills
* Research techniques, data analysis, quality control, infection control, mental health awareness,
patient safety, patient therapy, medical procedures, field experience, data collection

Professional Experience

Newark Beth Israel Medical Center, A6 Telemetry Unit, Newark, N.J.
Nursing Assistant, July 2013- present
 * Displaying strong clinical and health care procedural skills by effectively monitoring
 patients' vital signs, performing glucose checks, assisting with pre- and post-operative care,
 perform EKGs, obtain samples.
 * Assisted clients with activities of daily living (ADLs), through feeding, ambulation,
 transferring using assistive devices, and giving bed baths.
 * Monitored health care regulations through Intake and Output of bodily fluids.
 * Followed infection and quality control procedures, taking direction from head medical staff
 and performing procedures under supervision.
 * Participate in staff, patient and/or family education to a degree consistent with personal
 knowledge.
 * Provide age-specific treatment and care, including end of life care.

St. Barnabas Medical Center: MedSurg 2200 and 4100, Livingston, NJ
Nursing Student, Spring 2013 and Fall 2012.
 * Perform tasks under the supervision of Nursing Clinical instructor, shadowing registered
 nurses.

Newark Beth Israel: Mother Baby 7th floor, Newark, NJ
Nursing Student, Spring 2013
 * Perform tasks under the supervision of Nursing Clinical instructor, shadowing registered
 nurses.
 * Assisting new mothers with postpartum care after deliveries of newborns.

Overlook Hospital: Pediatrics 5th floor, Summit, NJ
Nursing Student, Spring 2013.
 * Perform tasks under the supervision of Nursing Clinical instructor, shadowing registered
 nurses.
 * Under the supervision of the Clinical instructor, dispense medications.
 * Effectively managing care to pediatric patients and effectively communicating with their
 families.

St. Joseph's Hospital: Reagan II, Paterson, NJ
Nursing Student, Fall 2012.
 * Perform tasks under the supervision of Nursing Clinical instructor, shadowing registered
 nurses.
 * Administering therapeutic care to patients with mental health conditions, such as
 activity-based and effective verbal communication.
 * Gain experience at the Harbor House Partial Hospitalization Program, working with former
 mental health patients and monitoring their health status to prevent future need for inpatient
 hospitalization.

Mountainside Hospital: Orthopedic Unit 7th floor, Glen Ridge, NJ
Nursing Student, Spring 2011.
 * Perform tasks under the supervision of Nursing Clinical instructor, shadowing registered
 nurses.

Education
Bloomfield College, Bloomfield, NJ
B.A. Psychology, December 2014, GPA: 3.4

Certification, Academic Achievements, and Additional Skills
BLS/CPR certified, SPSS Software, Microsoft Applications, Research/Quantitative Analysis, HIPPA
regulation knowledge, Training, Journal article review
Psi Chi Honor Society: Spring 2015- Present
Dean's List at Bloomfield College- Spring 2013, Fall 2013, Spring 2014, Fall 2014
Member of the Bloomfield College Student Nursing Association-Fall 2011- Spring 2012
Fluent in English, Gujarati, and Hindi