
Bonnie J. Childers
Resume - Page 2


Bonnie J. Childers

500 East Northside Dr. Apt. C3, Clinton, MS 39056 | Phone 769-798-1334 |email: bjchil44@aol.com

Professional Attributes
Committed to providing high quality work at all levels, able to prioritize and work with deadlines,
communicate effectively orally and in writing, with public, private, and professional sectors;
productive as a team member and independently; resourceful and innovative, capable of improving
efficiency and understanding of product/functions; adaptable to various work environments.


Professional Experience

Analysis

Review and consider all material to determine best course of action for client needs after meeting
with client. Understanding of statutes, case law, administrative directives, policies and code of
ethics.

Research

Conduct research, legal and practical, necessary to prepare appropriate documents for completion of
clients' goals and objectives.

Communication

Create presentations and present information at seminars/conventions. Prepare educational materials,
informative and daily correspondence for all levels of management and the public. Highly capable of
relating information to diverse audiences in an understandable manner.

Business Management
Responsible for client invoicing. Prepare accounts receivable report, prepare and mail monthly
invoices. Order office supplies and conduct business with vendors. Prepare and maintain conference
room calendar and attorney's calendars. Prepare monthly and year-end reports for accountants.
Maintain and update continuing education for attorneys.



Skills
 *      WorldDox GL3
 *      LexisNexis
 *      Time Matters
 *      PC Software Accounting
 *      Hot Docs
 *      Microsoft Office


  Legal Assistant
Work History  Client Services Director
  McCall Stern, J. D. PLLC
  2016 - 2021
  2016 to present


  Client Services Director
  T. Walton Dallas, P.A.
  2006 - 2014

  Client Services Director
  Barnes, Broom, Dallas and McLeod
  2001 - 2006

  Executive Assistant to CEO/CFO
  Multicraft International, Inc.
  1992 - 2001

  Program Director
  American Heart Association
  1987 - 1992

  Prior experience includes Paralegal for two law firms, Office Administrator and Bookkeeper for
  Ford Motor, Co. and ITT United Plastics, Inc.


Education    Hinds Community College

Community Involvement
 *      Past member and Secretary of Board of Directors, Financial Planning Association, Jackson, MS
   Chapter, NAIFA Member and past Board of Directors Member, Notary Public, Legal Shield Certified
   Independent Associate, Reservoir Career Women.



Bonnie J. Childers
509 Lindale St. Clinton, MS 39056, 769-798-1334, bjchil44@aol.com