
Walter David Griffin
Edgewater, FL
wdgrif5@gmail.com
(386) 689-5284

Work Experience
Test and Balance Tech
Bay To Bay Balancing - Lutz, FL Present Employer
Responsibilities:
Performance testing, adjusting, and balancing of heating, ventilation, and balancing of commercial HVAC systems to meet
functional and performance standards specified per system design.
Inspect system using specialized tools and equipment to verify compliance with engineer plans and equipment operating
requirements.
Diagnose, adjust, and/ or system components to achieve optimal system performance. Reads and interprets system blueprints,
specifications and performance data to determine proper configuration and arrangement of system components. Diagnose,
troubleshoot, test, adjust, and balance HVAC system.
Creates and maintains test reports and tool utilization matrices. Ensures that HVAC systems are installed properly and are
adjusted to meet design specifications. Verifies and documents compliance with criteria for system function, performance, and
maintainability. May schedule and supervise other technicians on projects of varying size and complexity.
Accomplishments:
10 hour OSHA Certified.
30 hour OSHA Certified.
EPA Univ.
HVAC Certificate of Excellence
Skills Used:
Troubleshooting, blueprint reading, making adjustments to air flows for the purpose of balancing per design, diagnosing and
documenting of equipment and information, completing daily punch list and reports.

Corrections Officer
State of Florida - Cocoa, FL
2005 to 2007
Responsibilities:
Supervise inmates in housing units and those segregated for administrative or punitive measures; instruct inmates in
housekeeping and sanitation; supervise the issuance of clothing and other personal effects to inmates.
Make periodic patrols of quarters and work areas and initiate counts of inmates at regular and irregular intervals; maintain
control and discipline including use of physical restraint and restraining devices; prevent the introduction of contraband into the
institution.
Check inmate mail for possible contraband; maintain a periodic patrol either inside or outside the institution to ensure the
security and integrity of the institution. Monitor, supervise and screen inmate visitor traffic; monitor periguard system; observe
traffic in and around the compound.
Instruct inmates and maintain control in areas such as the inmate food service area, auditorium, etc.
Observe for signs of disorder or tension and report such observations to a higher authority; counsel with inmates regarding
institutional, domestic or emotional adjustment problems.
Maintain a record of equipment, supplies and other items; maintain and demonstrate proficiency in the use and care of firearms,
restraint methods and equipment and emergency measures; maintain knowledge of communication and other electronic
equipment; instruct inmates in the proper care and use of institutional equipment.
Maintain master inmate location counts; setup and receive inmate counts and be familiar with the entire operation of the
Control Room; initiate and participate in search of inmate recreation areas, work areas, and housing units to prevent the
introduction of contraband items.
Maintain proper security of inmates being transported; ensure that all transportation permits are completed accurately and
signed by the appropriate authority; institute proper restraints as appropriate for inmate's custody classification; check
transportation vehicles daily.
Accomplishments:
Was very well thought of and respected by my peers, and officers of higher rank.
Worked transport of inmate as well as intake of new inmates.
Skills Used:
Defensive Tactics, crisis management, negotiation skills used on a daily bases, ability to multi task, keep records, and report
writing.




2 | Page

Custodial Engineer
Volusia County School Board - DeLand, FL
2006 to 2006
Responsibilities:
Responsible for performing all necessary daily janitorial tasks as required by specific contracts at one or more designated
contract sites. Reports to Janitorial Supervisor.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Clean floors: sweep, dust, wet mop, scrub, scrub or vacuum.
Service, clean, supply restrooms: toilets, urinals, sinks, fixtures, floors, trash, lockers etc.
Wet mop, strip, wax, seal and buff floors.
Trash pick-up and removal; take to designated dumping area.
Wash windows.
Vacuum, spot clean and shampoo carpets.
Dust and clean light fixtures and blinds.
Wash walls.
Loading, unload, distribute supplies, service lobbies and high use areas, and perform special cleaning.
Operate powered equipment typically used in custodial operations.
Keep janitorial closets clean and orderly.
Perform other related duties as directed.
Accomplishments:
Worked this position while Coaching High School Football
Skills Used:
Complete and submit accurate time sheets.
Work adjusted schedules and/or overtime as required.
Maintain a safe working environment. Report unsafe conditions to Supervisor.
Read and follow all label instructions on chemical materials and operating Instructions for powered equipment.
Report out-of-order equipment to supervisors.
Treat all building occupants with courtesy and respect at all times.
Report accidents immediately to supervisors.

Juvenile Justice Officer
State of Florida - Daytona Beach, FL
2004 to 2006
Responsibilities:
Processed juveniles in and out of custody.
Searched juveniles and cells for weapons, valuables, drugs or other contraband items.
Arranged passenger vehicles and trucks to transport juveniles to other sites.
Enforced all regulations of the facility.
Prepared and maintained appropriate facility and juvenile records and reports.
Collected data on juveniles to compile social history.
Provided data for use in diagnosis and court reports.
Accomplishments:
P.A.R. (Protective Action Response) Certified, first aid and CPR First Responder Certified
Skills Used:
Special training in dealing with drug addictions, and in negotiations.

Real Estate Sales Agent
Nu-Day Realty Inc. - New Smyrna Beach, FL
2003 to 2005
Responsibilities:
A Real Estate Sale Agent
Present purchase offers to sellers for consideration.
Act as an intermediary in negotiations between buyers and sellers, generally representing one or the other.
Compare a property with similar properties that have recently sold to determine its competitive market price.
Advise clients on market conditions, prices, mortgages, legal requirements and related matters.
Promote sales of properties through advertisements, open houses, and participation in multiple listing services.




Accompany buyers during visits to and inspections of property, advising them on the suitability and value of the homes they are
visiting.
Prepare documents such as representation contracts, purchase agreements, closing statements, deeds and leases.
Confer with escrow companies, lenders, home inspectors, and pest control operators to ensure that terms and conditions of
purchase agreements are met before closing dates.
Interview clients to determine what kinds of properties they are seeking.
Coordinate property closings, overseeing signing of documents and disbursement of funds.
Generate lists of properties that are compatible with buyers' needs and financial resources.
Contact property owners and advertise services to solicit property sales listings.
Arrange for title searches to determine whether clients have clear property titles.
Display commercial, industrial, agricultural, and residential properties to clients and explain their features.
Review property listings, trade journals, and relevant literature, and attend conventions, seminars, and staff and association
meetings to remain knowledgeable about real estate markets.
Coordinate appointments to show homes to prospective buyers.
Answer clients' questions regarding construction work, financing, maintenance, repairs, and appraisals.
Advise sellers on how to make homes more appealing to potential buyers.
Investigate clients' financial and credit status to determine eligibility for financing.
Develop networks of attorneys, mortgage lenders, and contractors to whom clients may be referred.
Inspect condition of premises, and arrange for necessary maintenance or notify owners of maintenance needs.
Conduct seminars and training sessions for sales agents to improve sales techniques.
Appraise properties to determine loan values.
Evaluate mortgage options to help clients obtain financing at the best prevailing rates and terms.
Arrange meetings between buyers and sellers when details of transactions need to be negotiated.
Rent or lease properties on behalf of clients.
Secure construction or purchase financing with own firm or mortgage company.
Solicit and compile listings of available rental properties.
Review plans for new construction with clients, enumerating and recommending available options and features.
Visit properties to assess them before showing them to clients.
Locate and appraise undeveloped areas for building sites, based on evaluations of area market conditions.
Contact utility companies for service hookups to clients' property.
Accomplishments:
Member of the New Smyrna Beach Board of Realtors
Member of the National Board of Realtors
Negotiated private as well as commercial sales working for buyers and sellers.
Successively negotiated with buyers, sellers, banks, title companies, and courts.
Skills Used:
Negotiation and organization of sales and purchases or both real and personal properties.

Campus Advisor
Volusia County School Board - DeLand, FL
2000 to 2003
Responsibilities:
Primary responsibility is campus security and safety. Acting as a liaison between school administration and students. Securing
the campus in the event of emergency situations. To screen all visitors and venders to the campus prior to entry. To maintain a
safe and secure campus at all times.
Accomplishments:
Football Coach for Pine Ridge High School
Skills Used:
Negotiations between students, parents, staff and administration.




Waste Water Treatment Plant Operator
City of Edgewater - Edgewater, FL
1991 to 1999
Responsibilities:
Waste water Responsibilities:
1. Operation.
Understanding the proper operation of the plant.
Ability to perform basic laboratory tests such as pH, temperature, and chlorine residual.
Ability to apply the results of testing to the process.
Ability to make process control decisions.
Keeping informed and up to date in areas such as operations, products and techniques.
Maintain accurate and orderly records.
Ability to troubleshoot process problems.
Knowing when and where to ask for help.
Ability to work unsupervised.
2. Maintenance.
Perform routine equipment maintenance (change oil, grease equipment).
Grounds maintenance (lawn cutting, snow removal).
Painting (buildings and equipment).
Posses a basic knowledge of electricity.
Maintain a clean and orderly office and lab.
Ability to work unsupervised.
3. Management.
Develop and implement an effective preventive maintenance program.
Be involved in the budget process.
Posses a basic knowledge of computers.
Public relations.
Accomplishments:
Started work for City of Edgewater Advanced Waste Water Treatment Plant as a Trainee where I received instruction along with
course work. After 2 years I sat for and passed the State of Florida's Waste Water Treatment Plant Operators exam and achieved
my C License. Within 2 years I sat on the Safety Board for the City of Edgewater representing the Waste Water Treatment Plant.
Skills Used:
Math skills used to calculate results of lab test, to calculate flows, and capacities for filling tanks, also to calculate chemical
percentages needed.
Changed packing on pumps, belts, oil, and general preventive maintenance.
Use of many types of probes and meters to measure CO2, SO2, Ph, dissolved oxygen, suspended solids, etc.




Education
Certificate in HVAC
Allied Trade School - Dothan, AL
2007 to 2007
Certificate in Corrections Officer
Brevard Community College - Titusville, FL
2006 to 2007
License in Advanced Waste Water Treatment
Sacramento University - Sacramento, CA
1991 to 1999
Certificate in OSHA 30 hour
360 Training online
2014
Certificate in Juvenile Justice Officer
Pat Thomas Law Enforcement Academy - Tallahassee, FL
2006
License in Florida Real Estate
Bob Fritz School of Real Estate - Ormond Beach, FL
2003
Certificate in Law Enforcement
Seminole Community College - Sanford, FL
1987

