
Karen L Metz

Albuquerque, NM 87110
karenleemetz6_zb7@indeedemail.com
+1 505 263 5090

Authorized to work in the US for any employer


Work Experience

RN Admissions/Case Manager
Hospice Compassus and Palliative Care    - Albuquerque, NM
February 2021 to September 2021

Admissions RN: Reviewed and Assessed patients for admission to hospice services per Medicare/Medicaid
guidelines.
Case Manager: Managed hospice care for patients in Santa Fe and surrounding area. Responsible for the
care of 35 patients on my team.
Extensive driving out in the field up to 900 miles per week, saw approximately 20 patients per week.
evaluated needs, cared for patients that were imminently dying, pronounced patients that had expired
per Office of the Medical
Examiner training in hospice related settings.
Documentation of all aspects of patient care: plan of care, long and short term goals set services provided,
medications administered per MD order, Durable medical equipment being used or ordered, benefits
provided by hospice and services not covered by hospice.
Patient/family/caregiver education related to patient needs present and at end of life, use of DME and
administration of medications for comfort and symptom control and bereavement services available and
24/7 On call support services available.
Emotional, physical and psychological support of patient and family/caregiver throughout hospice
service.

RN Infusion Nurse
Infinity Infusion Nursing - Albuquerque, NM
May 2020 to January 2021

Per Diem Infusion Nurse: Administration of medications per infusion to pts in their home.
Administration of IVIG products as prescribed by the MD; Blood Draw and delivery to lab
(TRICOR/LabCorp). Patient assessment/monitoring before, during and after infusion, documentation of
administration, route of administration, access sites, patients tolerance to infusion and any treatments
of side effects or infusion reactions.
Job required travel within the state of NM

Professional Infusion Nurse/Supervisor New Mexico
Accredo Health Group/Express Scripts    - Albuquerque, NM
December 2016 to February 2020

New Mexico
Responsibilities:




Management of new and existing patients throughout the state of New Mexico for the purpose of
medication administration, teaching of disease process, goals of therapy, possible side effects/adverse
events/mitigation, formulation of individualized plans of treatment according to MD orders to include
patient and family participation, visit scheduling for treatments, staff scheduling, time management, and
expense approval. Self-auditing of staff and patient information to make sure all staff maintained current
required state nursing licensure, current BLS certification, immunization/TB testing, supervisory visits/
competencies, state and company required background CCHS and compliance with New Mexico State
Home Healthcare Crosswalk regulations.
Completed patient admission/discharge requirements, monitored visit documentation for accuracy and
completion, timely scheduling of visits to accommodate treatment orders and monitored effectiveness
and response to ordered treatments.
Attended weekly and monthly managerial meetings as required.
Completed company sponsored leadership program called Emerge to promote leadership competencies.
Complied with travel requirement throughout the state of New Mexico for patient visits and assisted with
patient care in Texas and Colorado at times exceeding 2000 miles biweekly.
Maintained corporate Amex/Citibank accounts accurately and submitted biweekly expense reports.
On call daily for two years to include weekly nights, weekends and holidays for patient needs (i.e.
hemophilia, pulmonary hypertension, immune deficiency) outside of normal hours.
Clear and assertive communication with patients, families, providers, and coworkers throughout the
company.
Took one-week vacation in three years and possibly two sick days since start of employment.

Staff/Relief Charge RN
Lovelace/Ardent Healthcare Downtown ICU
February 2009 to December 2016

Duties included the care and management of critically ill patients acute, chronic and those requiring
life support measures. Member of the critical care team with interactions in all facets of patient care
and disease entities to promote safe, precise, and meticulous patient care standards. Experience
administering vasoactive IV infusions, central line /PICC care, aseptic technique and infection control,
mechanical ventilation modalities, pre and post-operative care, admission assessment and ongoing
continuous monitoring of patient status. Imperative and frequent communication with providers, families
and all support services as well as collusion with all Intensive Care team.
Formulation and collaboration with Case Management for discharge plans and continuity of care.
maintenance of current ACLS/BLS, immunizations, and treatment updates.

Accurate and timely documentation of all services provided, patient responses to treatment and ongoing
plan of care.

On call availability 2 times per month for 12-hour coverage to supplement staffing needs.

Vista Care Hospice Admissions RN/Weekend On-Call RN
January 2008 to February 2009

Duties of position included the admission of patients to the hospice service either in a designated hospital
unit or their place of residence, teaching of all services available, modalities of treatment available to
mitigate pain/untoward symptoms, availability of 24 hour call resource and requests for presence of
supportive personnel during dying process. Acquired certification from the Office of OMI to pronounce
death.
Weekend On Call 12 hour shifts 7am-7pm every Saturday and Sunday.




Responsible for accurate time management, mileage accrual and balancing of appointment schedule.

Charge RN Neuro Surgical ICU, Medical ICU, Trauma Surgical Burn ICU and
PACU
University of New Mexico Medical Center Staff RN
July 1987 to July 2007

Responsibilities included care of multiple areas of intensive care nursing and recovery room. Worked
in all areas of critical care throughout twenty years, Maintained unencumbered professional licensure,
advanced ACLS/BLS, TNCC Pediatric Emergency Care, PALS.


Education

Forensic Nursing
Kaplan University
June 2005 to March 2006

Associates Degree in Nursing
University of Albuquerque - Albuquerque, NM
August 1979 to May 1981


Nursing Licenses

RN
Expires: August 2021

State: NM


Certifications and Licenses

BLS Certification


Assessments

Clinical judgment - Expert
April 2020

Assessing a patient's condition and implementing the appropriate medical intervention.
Full results: Expert

Electronic health records: Best practices - Expert
April 2020

Knowledge of EHR data, associated privacy regulations, and best practices for EHR use
Full results: Expert

Home health aide skills - Expert
December 2020




Providing care to patients in a home setting
Full results: Expert

Medical terminology - Highly Proficient
December 2020

Understanding and using medical terminology
Full results: Highly Proficient


Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued
development in any professional field.


Additional Information


CCRN certification expired 2006
Incomplete education for BSN at Grand Canyon University 2011, death in family
ACLS certifications 1987-2016
PALS certifications 1990-2016
TNCC 1995-2013
Worked for Med flight Air Ambulance/Albuquerque 1999-2001 Flight Nurse
Worked as Acute Care Dialysis nurse Fresenius 2001

