
Tevin Bennett                                                              btevin21@yahoo.com

                                                                                        Albany, NY 12206
Hard Worker Great Outcome                            https://www.jobcase.com/p/tevin.bennett6

I'm currently seeking employment in Albany Ny, I have
four months of retail experience.




Work Experience

Hard Handle Associate

Inteplast Group

April 2021 - June 2022 * Livingston

. Manually or mechanically loaded and unloaded materials from pallets, skids, platforms, cars, lifting devices, or other

transport vehicles . Maintained warehouse accessibility and safety for customer traffic by discarding empty boxes and

removing obstacles from aisles. . Completed over 20 customer orders each day in warehouse setting. . Acknowledged

safety issues and contacted shift supervisor regarding concerns and for quick resolution. . Volunteered to assist with

projects, demonstrating willingness to learn new tasks and increase skill levels. . Streamlined material delivery

processes which increased efficiency and reduced downtime. . Worked safely around moving machinery.


Warehouse Associate

Schluter Systems

August 2018 - February 2020 * Plattsburgh

. Picked and prepared numerous dally shipments in controlled atmosphere warehouse environment . Moved boxes .

Containers and mallets with special - burnoose eg u oment to meet demanding production targets . Organized ware no

use eds tun to maximize space to stock while alloying for high volume rattrap zones . Used pallet lacks to move items

to and trom warehouse locations . Packed materials and items in designated crates and boxes and properly sealed and

labeled crates


Customer Service Associate

Home Depot

August 2017 - August 2019 * Albany

Engaged with customers, determined needs, and offered direction to the appropriate products Educated patrons about

various products, usage, and application Commended by management for enhancing customer satisfaction while

contributing to the success of the store on a daily basis Achieved and exceeded productivity targets by 50% Credited

with increasing customer traffic and retail sales by 50% Accomplished an 80% increase in customer satisfaction

Followed planograms, built displays, and replenished stock Ensured the store was presentable, organized, and

appealing to all customers.


Front end

Price Chppper

March 2015 - July 2015 * Albany, NY




* NY




Education

Albany High School

HIGH_SCHOOL, High School diploma

September 2011 - August 2015 * Albany, NY


Albany High School

High School Diploma

January 2015 * Albany

High School Diploma




Skills


  Decision Making        Time Management           Persuasive Speaking        Proficient




Traits

Communicator

I am able to effectively and respectfully communicate with superiors, colleagues, and staff.

Confident

I am self-assured in my skills and talents, and I"m willing to take on challenges and risks.

Ambitious

I am strongly driven to succeed.

Dedicated

I am committed to the company"s success and loyal to the people and things I believe in.

Focused

I pay careful attention to detail.

