
Amber Swartout

Hard worker
Minerva, OH 44657
swartout7777@gmail.com
3304884976

Im a very hard worker im outgoing great personality love the public and love people.. Ill do whatever
it takes to excel and go above and beyond for my job... I have alot of experience with the public and
dealing with people.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer


Work Experience

Cashier and Customer Service Manager
Lisa treasure barn - Minerva, OH
July 2017 to Present

I currently open and close the store make sure all books are adding up with inventory and sales are
adding up with merchandise they is bought daily. I clean stock items hang items mark prices on items
help load and unload trucks of items or merchandise that comes to the store.. I greet customer make
sure they are finding everything they need along with ringing all their items up..

Server
Boulder Creek Golf Club  - Streetsboro, OH
April 2015 to September 2017

I would seat customers serve food and drinks make drinks cash customers out do opening and closing
duties alot of cleaning and making sure customers are happy and come back to the bussines.stocking
stuff..

Banquet Server and Bartender
Holiday inn express - Fairlawn, OH
January 2007 to July 2011

Decorating setting up for party's serving guest drinks and food. Cleaning up after big events that we
had served And tearing down all the tables and decorations if the guest didn't take them. Sweeping
vacuuming doing dishes wrapping sliverware. Taking guest orders for food and drinks. Cashing
customers out at the restaurant. Making sure where I worked at is cleaned and my drawer is counted
down to every penny and putting money from the night in the correct spot place at end of night.

Assembler/Production
Step two - Hudson, OH
April 2007 to December 2009

Pulling items from machine and trimming boxing and labeling them. Keeping section organized and
cleaned.. Making sure all products are the right trim labeled before they are boxed and shipped off..
Cleaning my own area after my shift..




Education

Diploma in N. A.
Southeast school - Tallmadge, OH
August 1999 to June 2006


Skills

CASHIER (10+ years), POS (10+ years), RECEPTIONIST (7 years), ASSEMBLY (4 years), PACKAGING (4
years), Customer Service (10+ years), Food Service (10+ years), Crew Member (10+ years), Dietary
aid (9 years), Cooking (10+ years), Manufacturing (4 years), Server, Training, Sales, MS Office, Word


Assessments

Customer Service Skills - Completed
November 2018

Measures a candidate's skill in evaluating approaches to customer service & satisfaction.
Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/2d1hwgpkc4jgvg5v

Customer Focus & Orientation - Completed
March 2019

Measures a candidate's ability to respond to customer situations with sensitivity.
Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/16dwu-j3rydawvhu


Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued
development in any professional field.


Additional Information

Skills

Waitress, Restaurant Server, Waiter, Hostess, Host, Management, Bartender, Packaging assembly lines,

Nursing home, Banquet server, Hospitality, Busser, Receptionist, Cashier, Management, POS

