
MYRON LEHMANN
                                  2061 North Campbell Avenue #307
                                  myronlehmann@yahoo.com
                                  Chicago, Illinois 60647
                                  (773) 412-9722

PROFILE            A motivated, results-oriented professional with
comprehensive experience in
                   administration and customer relations seeking a
                   challenging position within a
                   progressive organization offering advancement
                   potential based on individual
                   performance and initiative.

STRENGTHS          - Sales / Marketing          - Administration
- Staff Supervision
                   - Time Management            - Quality Control
                     - Inventory Maintenance
                   - Problem Solving            - Customer Service
                     - Communication Skills

EXPERIENCE         BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON -- Chicago, Illinois
2014 to Present
                   Clerical Associate
                   Receive, open and sort mail; input mail into the
                   processing machine to track and
                   compile customer information. Process checks in a
                   Microsoft Excel spreadsheet.
                   Calculate the number of checks processed at the end of
                   each day; process an
                   average of 3000 checks daily. Participate in morning
                   meetings to obtain daily
                   assignments. Ensure data is input in an accurate and
                   timely manner. Work with
                   Verizon, Dish, BCBS, U.S. Cellular and T-Mobile; send
                   bills to clients and
                   resolve billing discrepancies or concerns.
                   ADECCO EMPLOYMENT SERVICES -- Chicago, Illinois
                   2013 to 2014
                   Vault Teller
                   Conducted daily audits at Fifth Third Bank as an
                   external contractor. Filled in
                   orders for currency and coins. Counted and recorded
                   cash deposits in the vault of
                   the commercial bank. Analyzed the currency, coins and
                   checks received for
                   deposit into the vault. Utilized an internal software
                   system to balance
                   transactions and verify the amount on deposit slips.
                   Placed cash in bags for
                   shipment to businesses or bank branches; recorded the
                   amount of cash shipped.
                   ABM SECURITY SERVICES -- Chicago, Illinois
                   2009 to 2013
                   Human Resource Assistant
                   Prepared correspondence, forms, and reports; filed
                   electronic and hard copy
                   paperwork, tracked deadlines and took down meeting
                   minutes as needed.
                   Contacted potential applicants for employment;
                   executed interviewing for
                   various positions. Filed essential papers in the
                   internal system. Executed
                   orientation meetings. Handled drug testing for all ABM
                   employees. Created
                   identification documents (ID's) for employees to enter
                   applicable buildings.
                   Managed scheduling for security guards and
                   dispatchers.
                   SEARS ROEBUCK & COMPANY -- Chicago, Illinois
                   2006 to 2009
                   Sales Associate/Cashier
                   Provide attentive service to ensure customer
                   satisfaction and repeat business.
                   Assisted customers with merchandise selections and
                   purchases. Closed sales on
                   televisions, radios, air conditioners, refrigerators,
                   stoves, microwave ovens and
                   other appliances Processed cash from registers between
                   shifts and at store closing.
                   K ELLY SERVICES -- Chicago, Illinois
                   2002 to 2006
                   File Clerk
                   Contracted by Kelly Services to work for Allstate
                   Insurance. Responsible for
                   communication between insurance agents, claimants, and
                   direct supervisors to
                   accurately manage insurance claim forms. Entered data
                   and managed files;
                   fielded incoming calls and provided updates to
                   customers regarding claims.

EDUCATION          D EV RY University -- Chicago, Illinois
2012
                   Bachelor of Science in Technical Management with a
                   minor in Healthcare

TECHNICAL          Proficient in Microsoft Office products, (Word, Excel,
PowerPoint, Access) and
ACUMEN             Quickbooks.