
Christine P.  Daniel, RN, MSN, CNS
20455 Doria Lane
Olympia Fields, IL  60461

Phone (708)481-8438
Pager 1-888-985-4998
E-mail cpedaniel@hotmail.com
Education    1985 - 1989    Valparaiso University    Valparaiso, IN
BSN/Bachelor of Science in Nursing
Minor in Psychology
1989- 1991    Valparaiso University    Valparaiso, IN
MSN/Master of Science in  Nursing
Psychiatric/Mental Health Clinical Nurse Specialist

Professional experience    1989 - 1992    Methodist Hospital    Gary, IN
Staff RN:  Adult Behavioral Medicine
                                 Responsible for daily care of the adult
                                   psychiatric patient, providing both group and
                                   individual therapy
1992 - Present    Methodist Hospital    Gary, IN
Clinical Nurse Specialist:  Behavioral Medicine (In-patient)
                                 Provide development of both staff and patient
                                   education; in-servicing; competency
                                   performance evaluation for staff; and overall
                                   case management of patients.  Includes adult,
                                   adolescent and children's units.

1993 - Present    Dr. Paul L. Hannah    Gary, IN
Clinical Nurse Specialist/Office Manager
Provide individual; couples, and family therapy in out-patient setting
Responsible for case management including prior certification for insurance, both
  commercial and Medicaid for out-patient setting
Responsible for overall case management in conjunction with Dr. Paul Hannah to
  provide the most beneficial care for the overall need of the patient which
  includes: medication management, adjustment with treatment planning; and acute
                                 psychiatric intervention as necessary.

  Provide in-patient services as indicated by the by-laws of the Hospital in
  accordance of Physician Extender
Responsible for the overall management of staffing and daily operations which
  include both administrative and clinical services for the Institute.
Responsible for the development/marketing/management of the Holistic Division of
  the Institute, including workshops, products and inventory of holistic
  supplies, and public relations.

  Objective    To function as a Psychiatric Clinical Nurse Specialist in
  conjunction with an established organization to provide holistic nursing care.
  Available for a variety of settings that will allow me to utilize my
  Psychiatric Skills and still ensure Holistic Nursing Care. Also have diverse
  experience in Nursing Education and Development.