
Robert Acks        (404) 538-8214 Cell
4595 Colony Point, Suwanee, Georgia 30024        robacks@yahoo.com




Dear Sir / Madam:

Corporate finance is no longer just a ¡§numbers¡¨ game. During my
tenure as a Controller and Finance Manager with technology,
entertainment, and technical recruiting organizations, my
responsibilities have extended far beyond finance to include strategic
and tactical business planning, turnaround management, market
expansion, technology integration/implementation, employee training and
development, and benefits administration. The results I¡¦ve delivered
include:

"X Contributed to increasing customer retention from 86% to almost 99%.
"X Trimmed invoicing and payroll time 75% and 60%, respectively.
Decreased payroll costs 19.5% while realizing significant gains in
productivity and performance.
"X Reduced costs for multiple departments by as much as 65% per
department.
"X Successfully negotiated credit lines of up to $10 million, sometimes
for financially challenged organizations.
"X Grew support revenues 35%, increased billable time 60% and customer
satisfaction 80%
"X Increased labor efficiency and utilization 25%, decreased
work-in-process 90%.
"X Managed multiple technology implementation projects that facilitated
significant efficiency improvements.
"X Assisted with negotiations, due diligence, and sale of 2 companies.

These achievements are indicative of the quality and caliber of my
entire professional career, wherein I have always sought to identify
opportunities to strengthen financial affairs, reduce costs, and
improve support to company-wide operations. In terms of salary
requirements, I realize that flexibility is essential, and I am
therefore open to discussing your company¡¦s salary range for an
individual with my qualifications.

Now, at this point in my career, I am seeking new executive
opportunities where I can again build and lead an efficient
organization. I guarantee that I can provide strong, decisive, and
results-driven financial leadership. I appreciate your time in
reviewing my qualifications, and look forward to speaking with you.

Sincerely,

Robert Acks




Robert Acks        (404) 538-8214 Cell
4595 Colony Point, Suwanee, Georgia 30024        robacks@yahoo.com

Controller ¡K CFO ¡K Finance Director
Motivated, results-oriented finance executive with more than 15 years
of diverse industry experience and a strong track record of decreasing
costs, improving efficiency, growing revenue, and increasing
productivity. Dedicated team player with a positive attitude, strong
drive to succeed, and excellent communication skills. Possess global,
multicultural perspective after living abroad for 2 years during
college. Speak and read French fluently; basic knowledge of Spanish.
Available for travel. Areas of expertise:
Accounts Payable/Receivable ¡K Audit Controls ¡K Capital Budgets ¡K
Cash Management
Corporate Tax ¡K Cost/Project Accounting ¡K Credit and Collections ¡K
Debt Financing ¡K Due Diligence
Financial Planning/Analysis ¡K Financial Audits ¡K Internal Controls ¡K
Inventory Planning/Control
Margin Improvement ¡K Mergers and Acquisitions ¡K Negotiations ¡K
Operating Budgets ¡K Revenue Gain
Profit/Loss (P&L) Analysis ¡K Risk Management ¡K Strategic Planning ¡K
Technology Implementation
MS Office, Windows, Internet Explorer, Outlook
MAS 90 ¡K PeopleSoft ¡K Great Plains ¡K Macola ¡K FRX ¡K Crystal
Reports ¡K Peachtree ¡K Quickbooks.



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

ASSISTANT CONTROLLER, Internap Network Services, Atlanta, GA
2002¡V2003
The market leader of intelligent route-control solutions that bring
reliability, performance and security to the Internet. Internap was
founded in Seattle, WA, in 1996, and currently the company serves more
than 1,900 Fortune 1000 and mid-tier business customers in the
financial services, travel/hospitality, manufacturing, government,
media/entertainment, technology and retail industries. Headquartered in
Atlanta, and a public company since 1999, (AMEX: IIP) Internap operates
37 service points in North America, Europe, Asia and Australia.
Recruited to relocate the corporate offices from Seattle to Atlanta
Georgia. In charge of all international accounts and all postings to
General Ledger. Collaborated with senior management team responsible
for the training and restructuring of the finance department. Assisted
in all audits by outside accounting firm. In charge of all cash
accounts domestic and international.
"X Played a key role in the relocation of the corporate offices from
Seattle Washington to Atlanta Georgia.
"X Restructured finance department with a 40% reduction in payroll.
Increased performance in accounts receivable department by integration
and upgrade of systems.
"X Developed new policies and procedures in order to close period 30%
sooner with no loss of integrity in the results.


CONTROLLER, Think Resources, Atlanta, GA        2000¡V2002
Regional, premier placement network for companies seeking I.T.,
telecommunications, and engineering professionals. Annual revenues of
$60 million, 550 employees, 3 locations.
Recruited as member of Senior Management Team to meet growth challenges
and capture 100% of new opportunities through the implementation of
internal systems and technology. Manage all I.T. functions for finance
and administrative departments. In charge of entire accounting cycle
and all controllership functions, plus human resources, $25 million
payroll, and employee benefits. Serve as primary contact with banking
and finance institutions, to include financial audits and reviews.
Directly supervise 18 accounting, finance, human resources, and
administrative personnel.
"X Played a key role in realizing a customer retention increase from
86% to almost 99%, thus expanding revenues and market share.
"X Selected and managed implementation of new, multi-user, multi-module
accounting system. Slashed invoicing and payroll time 75% and 60%,
respectively. Significantly improved productivity and performance while
decreasing payroll costs by 19.5%.
"X Reduced department/location costs by as much as 65%, after
establishing budgets for each department/location and instituting
manager bonuses for achieving budget goals.
"X Negotiated bank credit line in excess of $10 million. Achieved GAAP
compliant rating following audit by an independent C.P.A. firm.

        CONTROLLER/FINANCE MANAGER, Forestar Group, Inc., Atlanta, GA
1999-2000
International manufacturer of three add-on modules for Microsoft¡¦s
Great Plains Dynamics system (Asset Management, Restaurant Management,
and Customer Resource Management/CRM). Company also provided technology
sales, implementation, support, and general consulting services. Annual
revenues of more than $20 million. Company was acquired by Microsoft in
2000.
Recruited to manage organization¡¦s financial turnaround. In charge of
all financial, cash management, and accounting technology functions,
plus human resources and payroll. Served as primary accounting firm
contact and handled all audit activities. Collaborated with executive
management team and played a major role in all strategic planning and
business management decisions. Supervised 8 accounting, human
resources, and administrative employees.

"X Grew support revenues 35% by creating a custom tracking method for
all support contracts sold by the fixed assets and restaurant sales
teams. Increased billable time 60% and customer satisfaction 80% by
streamlining consulting practice and significantly decreasing down time.
"X Established reasonable operating budgets and profit goals,
streamlined billing process to decrease data entry 80% and improved
tracking. Reengineered policies and procedures to increase workflow.
Improved performance 36% within 6 months and increased profits in all
parts of the business by implementing new systems/technology.
"X Reduced payroll and human resources costs 20%. Negotiated $1 million
line of credit with local bank; managed all corporate banking. Achieved
GAAP compliant rating on 2 yearly audits. Played a key role in the due
diligence process and sale of Forestar to Microsoft.

        CONTROLLER, CJ Inc., Atlanta, GA        1995-1999
Regional electronics manufacturer with annual revenues of $20 million.
Promoted from Assistant Controller to manage organization¡¦s financial
and cash management functions, plus human resources and payroll, during
period of 200% growth and ultimate acquisition by a major manufacturing
company in 1999. Served as member of executive management team. Company
operations required heavy emphasis on cost and project accounting.
Supervised 8 accounting personnel and production supervisors. In charge
of network and workstation administration, troubleshooting, and
maintenance.
"X Improved labor efficiency and utilization 25%, decreased year-end
waste 6%, and reduced WIP 90%, through improved inventory control and
systems modification. Utilized unused floor space to increase assembly
by 40%. Established job cost and fixed asset system.
"X Managed technology conversion from Quickbooks to Macola software,
delivering significant increases in efficiency company-wide. Key
participant in negotiations, due diligence, and actual sale of CJ to
another company. Consistently achieved GAAP compliant rating on 4
annual audits.

        SENIOR ACCOUNTANT/PROJECT MANAGER, Turner Entertainment Group,
Atlanta, GA        1994
Served college internship with one of the world¡¦s largest
entertainment corporations, and now a subsidiary of AOL/Time Warner.
Assisted with the rollout of new technologies and integration into
Turner¡¦s current business model, as part of a larger project to
consolidate management systems company-wide. Deeply
Involved in system conversion to PeopleSoft. Conducted staff training
on new systems. Performed diverse accounting functions and held full
responsibility for all I.R.S. communications, written and verbal.
"X Decreased payables turnaround 29% by establishing and integrating
new business systems for the Accounts Payable department of all
divisions.


EDUCATION, TRAINING, AND AFFILIATIONS
Georgia State University, Atlanta, GA
B.B.A. Accounting, Magna Cum Laude 1994, 4.0 GPA
B.B.A. Computer Information Systems, Summa Cum Laude 1994, 3.5 GPA
Dean¡¦s List, 4 years ¡K Beta Gamma Sigma Honor Society
C.P.A.
Professional Development
Team Building and Communication ¡K NLP
Community Service
Toys for Tots Volunteer, 1996-2004
Habitat for Humanity Volunteer, 1998-2004