

Frederick L. Wagner
8361 39th Avenue North mobile: (727) 641-0615
Saint Petersburg, Florida 33709 cmderf@gmail.com

SUMMARY
* EXPERIENCED LEADER. Demonstrated leadership experience in software development, technical support,
and problem-solving, successfully mentoring subordinates and colleagues.
* PROBLEM SOLVING. Translator between technologists and users. Committed to process automation.
Regularly sought by colleagues, customers, and managers for technical guidance, and
trouble-shooting.
* TECHNICAL EXPERTISE. Fluent in multiple programming languages and paradigms, from scripting to
objectoriented
and database programming, from dynamic web pages to data flows and graphical interfaces.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation since 2010 Tampa, FL
Senior Automation Developer, Enterprise Automation
Technical lead for multi-site team responsible for automating processes for operations and risk
departments.
* Created automated system of daily/weekly/monthly tasks, supporting multiple holiday sets, for data
transformation involving Monarch, Access, SQL Server, Excel, Outlook, Perl, Python, DOS batch files.
* SQL Server-based security enforcing access controls to data in SQL Server and Access databases.
* Designed and implemented export-and-compare utility for comparing Access databases.
* Designed and implemented export-and-compare utility for comparing SQL Server schemas
* Designed and implemented automated creation of Word document describing Access database systems.
St. Petersburg College 2004 to 2010 Saint Petersburg, FL
Manager of Technical, Operational, and Desktop Support
Hands-on technology manager of a 20-person information systems department, overseeing department
budget,
and planning and implementation of technology components of organizational projects.
* Personally designed 2000-sq-ft state-of-the-art data center, and managed shutdown and relocation
of
college's data center to new site -- which was accomplished ahead of schedule and without incident.
* Provided leadership in, and direct guidance for, various areas of responsibility including:
Desktop Support Staff Technical Support Desk PeopleSoft Operations Team
File Server Security PeopleSoft DBAs College-wide Software Licensing
Pay-per-print services SQL Server Cluster Data Center Design and Maintenance
Staff print/copy logging Special Projects for the President Disaster Recovery Site Management
* Analyzed bottlenecks in third-party strategic planning software package, and recommended
corrections
which were implemented by vendor, resulting in dramatic performance improvements.
* Guided PeopleSoft programmers to make major speed improvements in several key SQR programs.
* Implemented data flows between the college's PeopleSoft Oracle database and various SQL Server
databases, including three on-line learning systems, a student advisement tracking system, the photo
ID
system, and the printout/photocopy accounting database.
* Designed and implemented Perl programs for test question generation, Active Directory maintenance,
server and security maintenance, data-flows, and Excel file creation/roll-up for SPC budget process.
St. Petersburg College 2002 to 2004 Saint Petersburg, FL
Business Technologies Instructor
As a MCSD/MCT-certified full-time Business Technologies instructor, taught courses including:
* Hardware Design * Introduction to Computers&Programming
* Java Programming * Microcomputer Applications (MS Office)
* SQL Server Programming * XML Web Services and ADO.NET




Through SPC Corporate Training, taught various levels of Visual Basic and C# including ADO.NET,
ASP.NET,
and XML Web Services, at SPC and on-site at Raymond James Financial. Substitute-taught in Assembly
Language, Database Design, C++, Operating Systems, and Management classes.
Metro-OptiX 2000 to 2002 Allen, TX
Configuration Management Lead
Responsible for providing ClearCase/MultiSite/ClearQuest-based CM infrastructure and training for
the
company's sites in Allen, TX; Santa Clara, CA; Bangalore, India; and Madras, India.
* Automated the ObjecTime build process, the code review/promotion process, and configuration of
development machines -- with tools hosted in SnapShot views and a Perl/Tk script adjusting the
registry.
* Obtained and configured ClearCase MultiSite servers for each site, with NT/Win2000 ClearCase
clients.
* Managed ClearQuest installation and schema changes, and databases used by code generators.
Texas Instruments 1997 to 2000 Dallas, TX
Configuration Management Lead
"ClearCase Czar" providing CM infrastructure and training for DSL modem and related projects.
* ClearCase MultiSite with ClearCase/Attache on UNIX/NT/Win95 in Dallas; San Jose and Freising.
* Established development flows with source and tools in ClearCase, and performed release
management.
* Primary ClearCase resource for the entire Semiconductor Group, travelling to San Jose, Santa
Barbara,
and Toronto, making overview presentations, conducting training, guiding conversions from other
version
control systems to ClearCase, and providing assistance on all aspects of ClearCase, from workstation
and network configuration through instruction on Configuration Management best practices.
* Received TI Key Contributor recognition in 1998 and 2000, including bonus/stock option packages.
Texas Instruments 1986 to 1997 Dallas, TX
Lead Software Developer
Lead developer on software projects providing automation and analysis for Design and Product
Engineering.
* Multi-platform software suite using Perl, C, Sybase, HTML, and JavaScript; graphical waveform
analysis
of transistor-level simulations; logic-level circuit simulator/fault-grader. ATPG for
internal/external use
* Influenced the development of Perl/Tk, developing general-purpose Tk widgets submitted to the
Perl/Tk
mailing list, and other enhancements incorporated into the standard Perl/Tk code base.
* Provided Configuration Management leadership, pioneering ClearCase and MultiSite use in TI.
* Member of corporate IT tool selection committee, and corporate C coding standards committee.
* Regularly taught UNIX Overview class for interns and new engineers.
* Received TI Incentive awards in 1990 and 1992, TI Key Contributor awards in 1996 and twice in
1997.
* Received TI Total Quality Group Award for saving $400,000 through innovative relocation planning.

EDUCATION
Education: Graduate Certificate of Community College Executive Leadership, University of Florida
Institute of
Higher Education & Department of Educational Administration and Policy, November 2005
M.S. Computer Science, University of Texas at Dallas, August 1993
B.S.E. (with Honors) Computer and Information Engineering Science, University of Florida, May 1986
Certificates: Microsoft Certified Trainer (MCT), spring 2004; CompTIA CTT+, spring 2004
MCSD .NET, spring 2003; MCAD .NET (Early Adopter), fall 2002
Patents: November 12, 1996 (#5,574,853) and July 13, 1999 (#5,923,836) both for "Testing integrated
circuit
designs on a computer simulation using modified serialized scan patterns"

EXPERTISE
Hardware (OS): PC (DOS, Windows XP, Windows 7, Linux) Macintosh (OS X) HP/Sun (UNIX)
Programming: SQL (T-SQL,PL/SQL, Sybase, Access) Perl (Tk, DBI, Win32, CGI,...) PHP
NET (VB, C#, ADO, ASP, WebSvc) C/C++ Assembler Java VB6/VBA
Databases: SQL Server Oracle Sybase Access MySQL
Config. Mgmt.: ClearCase MultiSite ClearQuest Purify Hindsight
Other: Monarch Visio MS Office, including Excel-Access integration

