
1


KAJUANDRIA BEASLEY-WILLIAMS, MSN, APRN, FNP-C      662-347-2921
7412 Ivy Trails Cove, Olive Branch, MS 38654      kajuandria.beasley@hotmail.com

OBJECTIVE: To utilize my education and experience to secure a position as a healthcare provider.

EDUCATION:
Walden University, Minneapolis, MN
   Masters of Science Degree in Nursing with a concentration in Family Nurse Practitioner
   November 2014
Delta State University, Cleveland, MS
   Bachelors of Science Degree in Nursing
   May 2009

WORK EXPERIENCE:
East Arkansas Family Health Center, West Memphis, AR
   February 2016 - present
   Nurse Practitioner - Family Practice
         *      Perform physical examinations and treat common episodic and health care conditions with
           an emphasis on health maintenance and disease prevention.
         *      Work in collaboration with a specific Physician, Supervisor and other health care team
           members, consulting and referring as appropriate, but retains responsibility for ongoing
           clinical management of the patient with routine women's health (e.g. annual exams) and
           pediatrics (acute problems)
         *      Interviews with patients and/or family, constructs comprehensive medical histories,
           performs initial and periodic physical examinations, evaluate patient behavior and
           explores patient's interpretation health needs.
         *      Maintains knowledge of pharmaceuticals to treat disease and illnesses, to include
           knowledge of the mechanism of action, side effects, toxic nature, and drug interactions
           of medications.
         *      Perform and interpret diagnostic tests in order to determine therapeutic treatment plans.
         *      Adhere to all guidelines outlined in Provider Agreement and by the Arkansas Board of
           Nursing
Memphis Health Center, Memphis, TN
   May 2015 - January 2016
   Nurse Practitioner - Adult Medicine
         *      Perform physical examinations and treat common episodic and health care conditions with
           an emphasis on health maintenance and disease prevention.
         *      Work in collaboration with a specific Physician, Supervisor and other health care team
           members, consulting and referring as appropriate, but retains responsibility for ongoing
           clinical management of the patient.
         *      Interviews with patients and/or family, constructs comprehensive medical histories,
           performs initial and periodic physical examinations, evaluate patient behavior and
           explores patient's interpretation health needs.
         *      Maintains knowledge of pharmaceuticals to treat disease and illnesses, to include
           knowledge of the mechanism of action, side effects, toxic nature, and drug interactions
           of medications.
         *      Perform and interpret diagnostic tests in order to determine therapeutic treatment plans.
         *      Adhere to all guidelines outlined in Provider Agreement
Baptist Memorial Hospital -Memphis, Memphis, TN
   December 2012 - September 2015
   Registered Nurse (Acute Cardiac Intervention Unit)
         *      Prep and transfer patients to the cardiac catheterization lab and electrophysiology lab.
         *      Receive and recover patients from cardiac catheterizations as well as electrophysiology
           procedures (e.g. pacemaker/internal cardiac defibrillator placement, cardiac ablations).
           Monitor appropriately.
         *      Pull femoral sheaths and holding pressure to achieve hemostasis. Closely monitor patients
           incisional site and assess for hematoma and further complications.
         *      Member of the Unit Shared Governance
         *      Expert Nurse/Physician User for EPIC/Baptist OneCare
         *      Expert Nurse User of OmniCell Medication Dispensary System
         *      Orient/train new employees
         *      Precept new nurse graduates

   Baptist Memorial Hospital -DeSoto, Southaven, MS
   September 2009 - November 2013
   Registered Nurse/Charge Nurse (Cardio/Pulmonary Med-Surgical/Geriatrics)
               Responsibilities:
         *      Perform routine nursing care to assigned patients, while using the acute care for elderly
           (ACE) unit health model.
         *      Preceptor new nurse graduates as well as new hires.
         *      Direct nightly functions of nurses and support staff.
         *      Oversee and assist staff as needed with all duties as it pertains to the patients on the
           unit
         *      Make assignments and adjust staffing needs for the current shift and oncoming shift.


LICENSURES/CERTIFICATIONS
         *      Mississippi Board of Nursing RN License (Multi State)            July 2009
         *      Tennessee Board of Nursing APRN License                  March 2015
         *      Arkansas Board of Nursing CNP License      January 2016
         *      Drug Enforcement Administration      March 2015
         *      American Academy of Nurse Practitioners            December 2014
                            Family Nurse Practitioner Certification
         *      ACLS                              May 2016

REFERENCES:

         *      Available Upon Request