
                                 Ralph Bracamonte

              Rancho Cucamonga, CA | 626-512-6845 | ralph.bracamonte@sce.com

                                              Project General Supervisor
 Seasoned and experienced Troubleman professional, successful in communicating w/ and leading teams in SCE's T&D unit.

                                    PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
 Extremely knowledgeable and service driven professional            with 15+ years of experience working for Southern
 California Edison in various roles with a deep understanding of several business units. Exceptional at creating and/or
 working in collaborative environments, along with training, developing, and motivating staff to perform at optimum
 levels, with the highest delivery of professionalism and service. Strong ability to manage simultaneous projects and
 strategically allocate resources, delegate tasks, and manage implementation timelines to achieve on-time delivery. Highly
 adept in employing processes improvement strategies, developing procedures, and implementing troubleshooting and
 testing protocols to efficiently support preventative maintenance, and asset lifecycle programs. Extremely proficient in
 managing projects that involve planning, engineering, construction, transmissions, and distribution. Possess strong oral
 and writing skills that allow for effective communication with internal teams at various levels.

                                                   Areas of Key Impact:
        Circuit Maps | Transmission Design | Electrical Utility | Distribution Design | Project Management | Switching
  Distribution Line Construction | Problem Solving | Leadership | Planning | Identifying Solutions | Employee Development
      Cost Estimates | Safety Protocols | Testing & Troubleshooting | Preventative Maintenance | Compliance | OSHA
         Quality Programs | Training & Coaching | Transmission and Distribution (T&D) | Effective Communication

                                            Specialized Training & Expertise
   Maintaining the SCE Grid | Analyze & Resolve Customer Issues | Clear Trouble from Circuits | Balancing Circuit Voltage
  Operating Equipment on the Grid | Troubleshooting Circuit Issues | Analyze High & Low Voltage Issues | Repair Orders

                                                   HIGHLIGHTS
 LE ?Organized and developed project scopes, set expectations, identified resources, and set project timelines to mitigate
     various levels of risk and operational inefficiencies.
 ?   Implemented comprehensive review schedule of all running electrical systems, prolonging asset lifecycle and
     sustainability, aligning with SCE's mission to be environmentally conscious and reduce emissions.
 ?   Designed specific QA audits, completed report writing, and oversaw the dissemination of project communications to
     ensure all inter-departmental communication is seamless.
 ?   Increased employee competency year over year by designing ongoing trainings to continually assess employee
     growth.


                                PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
 LETroubleman | Southern California Edison       - Monrovia Service Center                              3/2017 - Present
 ?  Work collaboratively with SCE's Transmission & Distribution Organizational Unit to ensure the standards of all quality
    programs are being met.
 ?  Generate test data, obtain feedback, and summarize test results to analyze and determine maintenance or restoration
    of overhead and/or underground distribution systems.
 ?  Adhere to all safety protocols on a day-to-day basis, including but not limited to the Accident Prevention Manual, ESR,
    O&M Manual, GO 95 and GO128, OSHA, and State and Federal laws.
 ?  Coordinate with various business units to execute Quality Programs plans and/or schedules during large-scale or longterm
    projects to ensure key goals are met.
 ?  Work with the department to create Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) with a mindset of continual improvement.
 ?  Provided analysis to Senior Management and Executives to report on common issues, program effectiveness and
    provide  data-driven recommendations to develop more successful strategies when prioritizing projects.
 ?  Develop functionality trainings with new staff to improve technical competency, familiarity of applications and tools,
    and overall productivity and safety expectations.
 ?  Give attention to achieving 'part load up' to reduce customer minutes of interruption (CMI) and utilize automated
    equipment to enhance restoration of load.




 ?  Monitoring assigned contract crews for safe, productive and quality work practices.
 ?  Providing regular and timely updates on all assigned work scopes.
 ?  Executing scopes of work in alignment with regional objectives and contract procedures.
 ?  Meeting customer requirements, resolving conflicts and meeting deadlines.
 ?  Supervising contractors/suppliers.
 ?  Ensuring work for safety and quality as well as conducting root cause analyses.
 ?  Creating and maintaining a safety conscious work environment by leading and influencing others to follow
    Edison safety protocols and safe work practices.

                                                      R. Bracamonte - Pg. 2
                      PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE CONT'D
LEJourney Man / Line Man | Southern California Edison          - Ontario Service Center                 7/2008 - 9/2015
 ?  Managed a highly functional team of 5, keeping them up to date on industry and organizational best practices
    regarding maintenance, safety standards, and project expectations.
 ?  Trained and developed direct reports to enhance technical competency and provide instruction to work autonomously
    and handle most situations.
 ?  Led the construction of new overhead and underground services and service upgrades: single-phase; three-phase;
    double-circuit, energized or de-energized.
 ?  Responsible for gathering and analyzing information and environmental requirements to ensure specific quality and
    compliance controls are in place to mitigate the risk of premature asset lifecycle.
 ?  Coordinated activities between construction, planning, field accounting, and design teams to test, install, remove,
    maintain, operate, or repair Electrical Distribution Systems, using all APM rules, approved tools and appropriate PPE
    gear.
 ?  Traveled to onsite locations to conduct field inspections to evaluate and analyze SCE's overhead and underground
    electrical distribution design facilities.
 ?  Managed work orders, prioritized tasks when handling multiple projects at once and working autonomously or in a
    team environment to meet deadlines.
 ?  Maintained advanced knowledge within the overhead and underground district, and strong familiarity with electrical
    overhead and underground standards.

                                         OTHER EXPERIENCE
LE Apprentice Line Man | Southern California Edison -        Saddleback Service Center                  1/2005 - 7/2008

 Ground Man | Southern California Edison          - Ontario Service Center                              5/2004 - 1/2005
 Time Meter Reader II | Southern California Edison          - Ontario Service Center                    5/2003 - 5/2004


 *References available upon request*

