



XAVIER BORBON
4950 W Prescott ST APT 15212, Tampa FL 33616 *210-347-7704
XavierBorbon@gmail.com
Willing to relocate. Very motivated worker, self-starter.



EXPERIENCE


AUGUST 2021 - PRESENT
SALES ASSOCIATE, OLYMPIA HILLS GOLF CLUB
Assist in golf course turf maintenance, course setup, operate golf course equipment and hand
tools. Prepare the course for daily play. Participates in daily setup for play. Maintains the
cleanliness of all golf course equipment. Assist with loading and unloading materials used for the
golf course. Responsible for selling our golf products at the pro shop to customers. Coordinate the
selling and checking of customers' tee times. Sell club memberships and reselling our memberships to
our current members. Assist ins helping members upgrade to more exclusive memberships. Monitor the
inventory the pro shop.


NOVEMBER 2020 - MAY 2021
CASHIER/SALES ASSOCIATE, RAISING CANES
Primary responsibility was providing a positive customer experience, including ensuring all food
orders were prepared to Raising Cane's standards and working in various areas of the restaurant.
Responsible for the money transactions for each purchase. Conducted kitchen inventory including
buckets of ingredients, chicken, and utensils. Required to lift and carry, push, or pull heavy
objects up to 50 pounds. Possessed excellent verbal and written communication. Took orders from
customers and processed payments efficiently. Followed proper safety procedures when handling and/or
preparing food. Ability to multitask.


JULY 2020 - NOVEMBER 2020
SALES ASSOCIATE, HOME GOODS
Assist customers with questions about our products and help them locate items of interest. Handled
money transactions. Assigned to work in various areas of the store, including merchandise
presentation, processing, markdowns, cashier, and customer service. Greeted and interacted customers
on a regular basis. Processed merchandise for the backroom of the store. Trained store associates on
processing procedures. Ensured the backroom area was organized and ready to receive and flow goods.
Orchestrated the receipt of backroom truck and coordinated processing of the merchandise.




EDUCATION


MAY 2021
HIGH SCHOOL DIPLOMA IN BUSINESS MARKETING, BYRON P STEELE HIGH SCHOOL




SKILLS
 *       Food Service
 *       Cashiering
 *       Cleaning Experience
 *       Customer Service
 *       Food Preparation
 *       Host/Hostess
 *       Cooking




1

