
                                    Scott E. Loomis, CPA
                                             65 West Lane
                                          Ridgefield, CT 06877
                                            (203) 939-5100
                                      Scott.E.Loomis@gmail.com


                                        EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Hands-on, senior financial executive with a history of building structured financial operations for middle
market businesses to facilitate better business strategy and to help drive sustainable growth.
Experience includes a decade of adding strategic value to multi-billion dollar investment management
firms. Team-oriented leader with a people bent who has led finance and accounting, human resources,
sales management and facilities management functions for investment managers. Has successfully
raised millions in debt and equity and led acquisitions and spin-offs to support strategic objectives.


                                      PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
MILLER AND ASSOCIATES, LLC    - Brewster, NY
Chief Financial Officer (2016 - Present)
Multi-state provider of medical services to the equine athlete community.
Initial State of Finance Function - Bookkeeping outsourced to a local accountant. No budgets, no
forecasting, no formal monthly closing process and no useful management reporting.
Realized Growth - Business grew by 33% in twelve months.

           *  Co-created multi-year growth strategy with the principal owner
           *  Leading all acquisition efforts, including successfully closing on its initial acquisition
           *  Raised financing to fund the aforementioned acquisition
           *  Created new compensation plans for key employees to properly align incentives
           *  Built and implemented a 12 month rolling forecast and annual budget process
           *  Created financial reporting by service provider, by geography and by service offering
           *  Obtained an unsolicited Letter of Intent from a private equity firm to acquire the business


MERAGLIM HOLDINGS      - Jacksonville, FL
Chief Financial Officer (2016 - Present)
Artificial intelligence based, FinTech start-up serving institutional investors.
Initial State of Finance Function - Joined prior to formal inception.

           *  Incorporated the firm offshore and led the relationship with offshore counsel
           *  Created company's capitalization structure and employee equity plan
           *  Leading Series A round capital raise efforts
           *  Co-wrote the Private Placement Memorandum and Subscription Agreement
           *  Created four year pro forma financials to support the raise
           *  Managing firm's relationship with its broker/dealer
           *  Partner to the CEO on all firm strategy




                                                                                 SCOTT E. LOOMIS, CPA
                                                                                                   2 of 3

O'SHAUGHNESSY ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC          - Stamford, CT
Principal and Chief Financial Officer (2007 - 2015)
Global equity RIA firm that spun out of Bear Stearns Asset Management in 2007. Vehicles included
SMAs (wrap, dual contract and institutional), UMAs, and comingled funds (mutual funds, LPs and UCITS).
Initial State of Finance Function - Business just being formed. No processes and systems existed.
Realized Growth - Business grew from managing $3.3B in client assets in 2009 to $7.5B five years later.

           *  Created, implemented and managed all financial systems from scratch including:
              treasury, tax, payroll, billing and collections, monthly closing, management reporting,
              audit, company valuation, equity distributions, sales plans and commission calculations,
              annual budgeting, rolling monthly forecasting at the business unit level and annual
              compensation review process
           *  Selected and implemented all accounting software and successfully stood up the billing
              system for approximately 6,000 client accounts transitioning from Bear Stearns
           *  Created the company's standard product price list through competitive peer analysis
           *  Created sales team key operating metrics reporting system
           *  Co-led all acquisition activity and decisions with President, including lift-outs and
              purchases
           *  Prepared all financial analyses used to drive new product launch decisions
           *  Bought out minority interest stake in the business from JP Morgan
           *  Hired external audit firm, tax advisors and commercial banks and managed these
              relationships
           *  Drove all employee benefit plans and the corporate insurance program



LEGG MASON CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC          - Baltimore, MD
Controller (2005 - 2007)
Domestic equity RIA subsidiary of Legg Mason, Inc., run by renowned value investor Bill Miller.
Initial State of Finance Function - Parent company kept books. No budgets, no forecasting and limited
management reporting and insight at the subsidiary level.
Realized Growth - Grew from managing $45B in client assets to managing $69B in two years.

           *  Led the subsidiary's relationships with parent company finance and accounting, financial
              reporting, treasury, tax, internal audit, and payroll departments
           *  Managed the client billing and collections process for all clients
           *  Created monthly management reporting, budgeting and financial forecasting systems
           *  Built a sales opportunity tracking system for management and forecasting purposes
           *  Ran the firm's compensation review and bonus process
           *  Implemented Sarbanes Oxley compliance procedures at the subsidiary level
           *  Created an alternate approach for depreciating certain assets that resulted in a $50,000
              tax savings
           *  Prepared the CEO's family office financials and managed its tax processes




AQUILENT, INC  - Laurel, MD
Chief Financial Officer (2001 - 2005)
150 person technology consulting firm providing services to the Federal government.

           *  Successfully raised $8 million in financing from a private equity group and two lenders
           *  In one year, managed the company through a $2.5 million increase in operating profits
              (150% growth over the prior year)
           *  Achieved a sustained 70 day decrease in day's sales outstanding (58% increase in
              turnover of receivables)

ACTLIKEANOWNER.COM       - Columbia, MD
Chief Financial Officer (2000 - 2001)
Privately held portal and staffing firm for independent technology consultants.

           *  Built a management reporting package and monthly financial forecasting process
           *  Secured and led meetings with several venture capital firms

IMPACT INNOVATIONS GROUP        - Columbia, MD
Director of Finance (1995 - 2000)
Multi-office, national technology consulting firm.

           *  Successfully raised $45 million in venture capital equity and debt
           *  Guided the due diligence effort of a public company through its acquisition of a $30
              million privately held technology services firm
           *  Successfully led the annual budgeting process and five year planning efforts for a $60
              million region of two professional services firms encompassing offices in seven different
              states

DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP    - Baltimore, MD
Global public accounting firm.
Senior Accountant  (1990 - 1995)

           *  Delivered high quality audit and consulting services to clients in a variety of industries
           *  Managed and motivated high performing audit teams
           *  Received firm training and practical experience in leadership and client service


                                     TECHNOLOGIES EMPLOYED
Broadridge RevPort (asset management billing system), Sage, QuickBooks, Deltek Costpoint, Hyperion,
PeopleSoft, Excel, Word, PowerPoint and various internally developed software packages.

                            EDUCATION, LICENSES AND ACHIEVEMENTS
MOUNT ST. MARY'S UNIVERSITY -      BS in Accounting, graduated Magna Cum Laude in 1990
ACTIVE CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANT LICENSE
EAGLE SCOUT

