
Noah J. Unzicker
2974 Fletcher Parkway Apt. B
El Cajon, Ca, 92020
(904)254-1188
Email:  zicker86@gmail.com

OBJECTIVE

Obtain a challenging job in construction management in the construction
field utilizing my skills, education, and experience.

EDUCATION

    Southern Illinois University, Carbondale, IL
    Bachelor's degree in Construction Management
    August    2004 - May 2006

    John A. Logan Collage:
    Associate in Applied Science Degree in Construction Management
    August    2002 - May 2004

RELATED COURSES

    Process in Estimation
    Construction Scheduling
    Estimation Techniques
    Building Layout
    Construction Documentation Interpretation
    Wood Framing Construction
    Construction Materials I and II
    Construction Administration
    Commercial Construction
    Building Renovation
    Construction Management
    Environmental Systems

RELATED EMPLOYMENT

Fairfield Development LP - San Diego, Ca

    November 2006 - Present

I am an assistant project manager currently working on the Grossmont
Trolley Apartments project in La Mesa, Ca. It is a two phase podium style
project with two levels of parking garage on each phase and has a total
of 527 units with a budget of more than 100 million dollars.  The project
is pursuing a LEED rating of Gold in which I have been heavily involved
in all of the documentation required for the LEED program.  The first
phase of construction was completed on schedule and under budget.  I have
had experience in all areas of project management during the construction
of this project.

Mercedes Homes - Jacksonville, FL

    May 2006 - October 2006 (Company downsizing due to economy)
    -    Single and multi-family home production builder.
    -    Assistant Supervisor and Estimator

Crain Construction - Carterville, IL

    May 2004 - May 2006 (College Job)
    -    Residential Construction
    -    Built multiple single family homes

Schmidgal Construction - Fairbury IL

    May 2002- August 2002 (Summer Job)
    -    General residential construction and remodeling.
    -    Framing and carpentry work

Pfaff's Roofing and Construction - Pontiac IL

    May 2000-August 2000 (Summer Job)
    -    Roofer
    -    Sheetrocker
    -    Insulator

Vogel Construction - Pontiac IL,
    May 1999 - August 1999 (Summer Job)
    -    Built a spec house
    -    Main responsibility: Ensure a clean and safe jobsite and
     material handling

OTHER WORK EXPERIENCE

    R.P. Lumber - Pontiac IL,
    Summer of 2001 - Delivery Driver and yardman

CERTICATIONS

    10 Hour OSHA
    Current on NPDES Regulations and Best Management Practices
    CPR Certified

OTHER SKILLS

While attending high school I joined a program to become a peer mediator.
This was a program where I was taught to handle conflicts that would
occur between students.  Other students could come and discuss problems
and I would find away to diffuse the situation in agreement with both
student.  I feel that this is an important negotiating skill to have on
the job site.

REFERENCES

Available upon Request.