
John OKUDJETO
Cell Phone: (678) 431-5294   Email: okudjeto@gmail.com

Seeking for the position of a successful Laboratory Technician, while
merging into a globally focused organization that will purposefully
utilize my qualifications and offering several opportunities to integrate
personal enrichment with professional goals.
Qualifications Overview
   * Great attention to detail and a deep knowledge of monitoring
     procedures.
   * Superb ability to work accurately and with minimal supervision.
   * Excellent organization, negotiation, problem solving abilities and
   analytical skills.
   * Strong ability to understand non-routine and routine notes, written
   instructions and general policy statements.
   * Excellent use of calipers, micrometer screw gauges, force gauges, pH
   meters, GC, UV spectrophotometers and optical instruments.
   * Proficient at writing short, preparing reports, lab notebook
   keeping, a filling out simple forms and statistical analysis.
   * Remarkable ability at filing already labeled material using a
   straightforward alphabetical or chronological system.
   * Excellent computer skills (Microsoft word, excel, Power point,
   Access), SQL.
   * Proven reliability, dependability, and excellent manual dexterity
   and communication skills.
   * Uncommon ability to work under pressure in a fast paced laboratory
   environment.
   Professional Experience

May2009-Jul2009
Enzyme Deinking Technologies, Norcross, GA 30093
                  Web Address:  www.edt-enzymes.com
                  Intern - R&D
                  * Prepare pulp from recycle paper, test fiber content
                  and analyze hand sheets prepared from pulp with
                  proprietary software and test for their brightness.
                  * Record test results and interpret them using graphs
                  and charts preparing with excel to identify significant
                  variations.
                  * Prepare reports for laboratory experiments and
                  research for review by the lab managers and directors.
                  * Follow all safety policies to clean the gross room
                  and dispose of biohazardous waste.


April 2006- May 2008
Ricoh Electronics Inc, Lawrenceville GA, 30045
Web Address: www.rei.ricoh.com
Laboratory Technician, Quality Control/Quality Assurance
   * Communicated in a professional and courteous manner with all
     individuals as necessary to obtain information for laboratory
     records, explained procedures, and elicited cooperation.
   * Participated in receiving and processing samples as required by
     respective laboratory area procedures and protocols.
   * Assisted with coordination of technical activities relating to the
     operation of the quality control laboratory.
   * Performed a variety of routine and complex procedures Coulter
     Multisizer analysis, and x-ray analysis,
   * Perform in process testing to support the processing and packaging
     department and document results of tests and analysis.
   * Interpret test results using graphs and charts preparing using
     excel.
   * Performed routine maintenance as required by laboratory procedures.
   * Performed various quality control procedures to maintain compliance
   with internal and external regulations.
   * Participated in the development of new procedures, techniques and
   equipment used in obtaining and handling laboratory samples.
   * Participated in creating and maintaining lab procedures.
   * Assisted with word processing, miscellaneous office tasks including
   ordering of supplies and maintaining office records.

June 2002 - July 2003
African Environmental Research and Consulting, Accra, Ghana
Programs Officer
   * Developing on-site training programs for various the clients.
   * Designing, planning, and developing EPA, environmental managements
   plan for clients.
   * Assisting clients in maintaining abreast of regulation
   modifications, performing audits, working with the government
   executives in a regulation development.
   * Preparing Impact Assessment, Annual Reports and Environmental
   Management documents for the clients
   Education
   Bachelors of Science in Biological Science
   Georgia State University, May 2010

Bachelors of Science in Biology (Integrated Zoology)
University of Ghana May 2003
Computer Skills
Microsoft Office (word, excel, access, power point), SQL


References
Diane Welch - Field Service Chemist
Enzyme Deinking Technologies
Contact: 678-735-3500. Ext 3610

Sandrea Lee - QC/QA Supervisor
Ricoh Electronics Inc,
Contact: 770-338-7200/ (770) 962-8112 ext 2283

Dr. Kavita Oommen-Professor
Georgia State University
Contact: 404 413-5442

Correspondence Address:
1000 Duluth Highway Apt 1514
Lawrenceville GA, 30043