
RESUME
Name: Enrique Dalmau Hevia.
Address: 9040 NW 191 Terrace, Miami Lake, Hialeah, FL, 33018.
Cell Phone: 786-7026978
E-mail: ejdalmau@yahoo.com
EDUCATION:
Graduated in 1992 as Agricultural engineer, Specializing in Agro Ecology as well as in Sustainable
Planning, Management of Natural Resources and Local Development; at the Agrarian University in
Havana, Cuba.I also carry a degree obtained in 1999 as Master of Ecology from the Institute of
Ecology and Systematics in Havana, Cuba
SUMMARY OF SKILLS:
Experienced and knowledge about finance, accountability and development projects administration. I
have expertise in results-based management, management of funds, procurement process, technical and
administrative management of development projects. I feel comfortable working as a part of a team
and have multitasking skills.
Knowledge and practice in environmental management in protected in marine, rural and urban areas as
well as in strategic planning in the environment, focusing on the management and development of
innovative solutions. I can actively organize integrated management of programs and projects in
institutions with a focus on environmental sustainability; coordinate and manage teams of specialist
training and organization of networks. I have experiences in the academic field and teaching at the
university level, I have worked in various consulting, assessments associated with development
projects. I have analytical capacity for interpreting contexts, organizational development and
financial management. High capacity for managing tasks and projects on the ground. Skills in the
area of knowledge management, evaluation and monitoring of development projects. I have extensive
experience with Microsoft software development tools.
WORK EXPERIENCE:
I am twenty years of experience in the implementation, management, leadership and counseling
development projects and environmental management; working with governmental, non-governmental
organizations and international development assistance agencies. For more than nine years working in
the Office of the United Nations Development Programme in Cuba, allowing me to have a more
analytical and international vision in my professional training. In my last job in Cuba, I was hired
by the Swiss Agency for Development Cooperation as an independent consultant on innovation,
agricultural development and environmental management. I have academic experience as a teacher. I
have been tutor and opponent of theses on development issues, environmental management and
environmental education.