
Johnna Traylor
318-422-6490
Johnnatraylor@gmail.com
618 Police St
Minden, La. 71055


High School
-Minden High School, 2011 Diploma

Sales Experience:

-John Harvey Toyota, Sales Consultant/Sales Manager March 2013 to August 2016

Job Duties: Customer Service first and foremost. I averaged 14 cars every month.
Thoroughly explaining features of the vehicles to the customers otherwise a bad survey
would follow. Negotiating figures with the customers and making it make sense for them
to buy.
As a manager, I would create a worksheet for the salesperson and make sure they did the
demonstration correctly and presented figures correctly. If the sales person couldn't close
the customer, I would go out and talk with the customer to close. I managed training
programs for the sales people, had motivating meetings to get them pumped up to sell!


-Orr Kia Bossier, Internet Sales Manager August of 2016 to September 2016


Job Duties: I received all internet leads for the dealership, I would call each lead and stay
in contact with them until they made an appointment to come to the dealership to work a
deal on a car of their choice. I would work deals with salespeople if we got busy. I
created many social media programs for the dealership such as the dealer website,
facebook, and instagram pages. Also, organized many advertising programs according to
budget.

-Chevyland, Sales Consultant/ Sales Manager November 2016 to May of 2018

Job Duties: Sell as many cars as possible, I help with the internet department as well, I
get half of the internet leads and create appointments for them to look at vehicles. If I get
them in the dealership, I get the opportunity to get that sale. Customer service is the first
thing in mind. Building rapport with the customer is very important, especially when they
become repeat customers.

As a Sales Manager- duties included closing deals for sales people. Managing the sales
people and making sure we were hitting quota every month.

-Camping World of Bossier City May of 2018 to December of 2019

Sales Consultant- May of 2018- November of 2018
Consignment Manager- September of 2018- November of 2018
Internet Sales Manager November of 2018- February of 2019
Sales Manager- February of 2019- December of 2019

-JPS Ford January 2020 - Present
Digital Marketing Director


My goal is to get into finance. I was challenged by the GM of Camping World one day to
do a finance deal while both of the finance managers were signing customers. I did all the
paperwork and got the customer to take the highest package possible. The dealership
made 12k on that one deal. I do like challenges and will face them head on.


I am very good on the phone with customers, creating business, and keeping in contact
with them. I love working with people and helping solve their problems.

I am looking for an opportunity to find a company I can retire with and being closer to
home would be an advantage.