
KIMBERLY WING
12915 Turnstone Court ! Hudson, FL. 34669
Phone 727-692-4396 ! email: zwing29@gmail.com

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
 
 
 
 
 
 

Self-motivated and goal oriented
Ability to work effectively in an intermittently high-pressure, tight-deadline, multi-priority
environment
Team player, reliable and dedicated
Ability to prioritize company s needs
Strong work ethic

EXPERIENCE
!

Insurance Verification & Check in/ Check out
7/11/16 - Present
Florida Joint Cafe Institute
Insurance Verification
  Receive insurance information, then pull benefits online or by calling.
  Enter benefits into the system and scan all sheets.
Check in
  Checking 100 plus patients in each day, and prepping for the next day.
  Taking payments when needed, giving paperwork to new patients and updates
then entering, scanning ID s and insurance cards, print encounter forms and print
office notes and op reports.
Check out
 
Checking out each patient, making sure all items are there and any payments that
Are needed are collected.
 
Ordering any test (MRI, CT Scan, Injections, etc) that are needed, sending out
referrals when needed, scheduling follow appointments, faxing items to other
doctor offices and prepping for next day.
Physical Therapy Receptionist
 
Prior to seeing patients, check with insurances to see if a referral or authorization
is needed, getting co-pay or deductible amounts, helping patients do paperwork
evaluation sheets.
 
Prepping charts by requesting those needed referrals, watching Medicare
amounts with Medicare patients, and keeping count of visits.
 
Checking in patients by taking payment, making appointments, keeping up with
referrals when needed.
 
Checking patients out.
 
Calling new patients the day before their appointment as a reminder.
 
Rearranging schedule as needed when patients call out or need to be seen.
Commissions Payable
1/2012 - 7/8/16
Medicare Advantage Plan Services LLC (MAPS), Tarpon Springs, FL
  Receive and track commissions as well as paying commissions out to agents
  Deal with multiple companies and agents to assure all are taken care of and happy
  Answer phones and direct calls where needed
House Cleaning

 Dr. William & Melanie Nyman, Dunedin, FL
2000 - 2015
  House cleaning - dusting, scrubbing, wiping, and mopping
  Laundry, including putting clothes away and changing sheets
  House sitting/dog sitting and helping with any added jobs requested
Thea Johnson, New Port Richey, FL
  House cleaning - dusting, scrubbing, wiping, and mopping
  Laundry, including putting clothes away and changing sheets
  Helping with any added jobs requested

2008 - Present

Care Taker
Elisabeth Lufler, New Port Richey, FL
  Provided 24-hour care and motioning
  Made all meals as well as providing medications four times daily
  Maintained the house and kept it cleaned
  Cleaned her clothes and changed her sheet

5/2011 - 5/2015

Preschool Teacher
Discovery Point Child Development Center, New Port Richey, FL
  Taught in multiple class rooms of all ages
  Covered math, letters, reading, and art as well as potty training

8/2008 - 3/2010

Assistant/Office Manager
Lester Lane CPA, New Port Richey, FL
  Payroll for multiple employers
  Input tax info
  Scheduled and filed
  Maintained office

3/2007 - 8/2008

EDUCATION
Associate of Arts
St. Petersburg College, Tarpon Springs, FL
Bachelors of Science Management
Park University, Parkville, MO

COMPUTER SKILLS
!

 
 
 

Microsoft Word
Excel (using now could learn more)
Internet Research

 