
TYLER KLEIN

                                          Taneytown, MD 21787
                                    4433401573 - tjklein00@gmail.com


PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

                     Talented Owner with excellent marketing, customer service and facility oversight skills
                     and more than 18 years of experience. Highly effective and comfortable working with
                     people at all levels in organization. Hard-driving business leader offering skill in
                     strategic business planning and team development. Skillfully recruit and train
                     employees at all levels to meet customer and business demands. Articulate, forwardthinking
                     and resourceful in meeting unique needs. Self-motivated professional
                     successful in seizing viable opportunities for expansion and innovation in business.
                     Background in increasing profits, reducing costs and transforming customer service
                     standards. Experienced in leading and supervising operational and sales teams.

SKILLS

                          Leadership and People Development
                          Operational Analysis
                          Employee Motivation and
                          Performance
                          Industry Expertise
                          Executive Leadership
                          Strategic Planning
                          Bathroom Remodeling
                          Commercial Maintenance
                          Remodels and New Construction

WORK HISTORY

05/2020 to Current   Owner
                     TB Construction    - Taneytown MD
                          Managed day-to-day business operations.

Interior Renovations
Intuit QuickBooks
Project Oversight
Sales Growth
Project Forecasting
Mold Remediation
Window Replacement
Management Team Leadership
Punch Lists

                          Consulted with customers to assess needs and propose optimal solutions.
                          Trained and motivated employees to perform daily business functions.
                          Enhanced operational efficiency and productivity by managing budgets, accounts
                          and costs.
                          Estimate and sales of construction projects




01/2015 to 05/2020   Project Manager
                     Servpro Of Carroll County    - Westminster, MD
                          Identified plans and resources required to meet project goals and objectives.
                          Managed projects from procurement to commission.
                          Developed and initiated projects, managed costs, and monitored performance.
                          Achieved project deadlines by coordinating with contractors to manage
                          performance.
                          Orchestrated projects within strict timeframes and budget constraints by solving
                          complex problems and working closely with senior leaders.
                          Fostered relationships with vendors to promote positive working relationships.
                          Provided accurate, detailed quantity take-offs from project drawings and technical
                          specifications.
                          Eliminated discrepancies in progress by reviewing performance, spend and
                          timeline.
                          Maintained open communication by presenting regular updates on project status to
                          customers.
                          Reported regularly to managers on project budget, progress and technical
                          problems.

08/2012 to 01/2015   Savon Construction
                     Project Management     - Owings Mills, MD
                          Utilized hammers, saws, squares, levels and fastening devices to complete
                          projects.
                          Worked independently in fast-paced environment while meeting productivity and
                          quality expectations.
                          Worked with more knowledgeable professionals to grow understanding of
                          principles and construction standards.
                          Demonstrated safe and proper operation of equipment and tools to prevent harm to
                          team members.

07/2003 to 08/2012   Revolution Building
                     Superintendent/Foreman     - Westminster, MD
                          Worked closely with owners throughout process to keep projects in line with
                          individual visions.
                          Delegated assignments based on plans, project needs and knowledge of individual
                          team members.
                          Completed accurate material and labor estimates for jobs with $10000+ budgets.
                          Met with designers and engineers to address conflicts and reach appropriate
                          solutions.




EDUCATION

06/2002              High School Diploma
                     Francis Scott Key High School    - Union Bridge, MD