
This verse was written in 1935 by William James Sharman,1884-1970, to his brother George Christopherson Sharman,
1867-1943, on the occasion of George's 68th birthday.. It was found in William's papers by his son, William Burton
Sharman, 1929-2019, in 1990.

                      Bird Tail Days
The Sharman clan - offspring of Joe1a        - scattered far and wide.
I can't recall in fifty years when all stood side by side.
I just remember faintly, on the farm, the damned old rows
The damned thin bare-back pony beast with which I hunted cows.
The dashed coyotes got all the lambs, and with them lots of sheep
The weasels got the chickens, sure while we got little sleep.
The creamery got the butter while we kids got "axle grease1b             ."
With "French Weed 2a     " flavor in the milk; our beverage masterpiece.
The Bird Tail River crawled along a valley rare to see
It speeded up in spring time when the snow went on a spree.
Dear Dad had lots of Herefords3        and all were damn well bred.
He robbed our beds of blankets for the calves found nearly dead.
The mother dropped them in the snow away from any hurt
I vision one beneath the stove wrapped up in mother's skirt.
The frost formed on our blankets and the plumbing was outside,
In summer all the flies on earth that plumbing occupied.
We had no "toilet tissue" then to wipe our little seat;
Seed catalogues were then in vogue for that job - what a treat.
At other times we just used grass, wild rhubarb leaves or straw;
I once used poison ivy, boy! my wee behind got raw.

Now just across the river, near, some Indians were encamped,2b
Had I been ten years older, pal, some squaw I would have vamped.2c,2d
The nearest neighbors that we had were quite some miles away;
For, daddy owned what stood between but never made it pay.
The horses on that farm, I know, were thin as any slat,
Just skin and bones were all I saw, but, never any fat.

There was a "spring" below the shack that broadened to a bog
It took a tight rope walker's skill to cross it on a log.
Those Herefords with faces white and like strip down the back
Oft wandered from their prairie paths to trod the boggy track;
Whenever they got mired deep from hoof to belly broad
We hitched those nags - old Dan and Glen yanked them back to sod.
Oh Boy! I'll say my childhood days were filled with rare events,
When six bulls jumped one heifer while the heifer jumped the fence.
No sooner was the fence repaired when down 'twould go
While some old cow would seek her calf which dodged back to and fro.
In winter I snared rabbits but in summer gophers too;
We toiled from dawn to dusk with some chores still left to do.




We went to school at Rossburn and sometimes we went to Perth
With Nichols, Pedens, Carson, Youngs - the toughest bunch on earth.
We used to drive four miles each way to learn our ABCs,
We got our education - like the Masons - by degrees.
Poor Dad he raised just seven sons and none of them would farm;
Ma thought that education gave them much more grace and charm.
So then she got a Ph.D.,; an M.D.,; D.D.S.,4a
The railroad got the others - in shop, train and express.
The four girls4a2  got a husband each, but, kids they raised were few;
I've raised more than the bunch of them and that is true of YOU.

We plastered all the stables with manure from the cow;
We banked the house with what was left; but, would you like that now?
We shot the prairie chickens from the straw stacks near the barn
Both in and out of season, for, we didn't give a darn;
They had no game protectors in the nineties. All was swell
Except when Dad and Ma got hot and started raising hell.
I never knew the reason but I've often wondered why;
I used to lie in bed at night quite silent, but I'd cry.

Quite oft I've done some thinking, lad, about our Sharman bunch
And now I know it for a fact - for years 'twas just a hunch
We're all gosh darn thoughtless gang with one or two exempt
It seems such thing as "family ties" we've treated with contempt.
This week you pass the milestone, George, of years just sixty eight
Of greetings, here's my first to you, just fifty-one years late.
Now that's a record hard to beat, of which I do not brag
They'd shoot a man who'd prove to be that loyal to his flag.
We shout, "God Save Our Gracious King;" his birth we celebrate
But, birthday in our family tree? - ah Hell! that's just a date
How many of the others, pal, sent you a happy thought?
You bet the "field;" I'll back a blank - come on, who wins the pot?
Take that Godly brother, George, who writes of Jesus' Life4b
Who never wrote a post card yet, of greeting to your wife.4b2
I'll bet that old St. Peter, sure, will put him "on the spot"
And give him Hell for many things that he on earth forgot.
The way this world is changing fast these hectic years of late4c
I question whether Crockett, dear, will reach the Pearly Gate.
There's quite a chance that he'll be stokin' old Memphisto's4d             boat
For excess culvert profits5     may have gotten Peter's goat
The good book teaches dear St. Pete was ne'er a capit'list
To hold his job in '35 he may be Communist
If that be true, and I am right, the dumbest dumb can tell
That H.B's chance for heaven is the same as snow in hell.




But you and I and Charl and Ed who, like our alcohol6
I wonder what the Lord will do when comes our final call
Oh death where is thy victory, Oh grave where is thy sting7
If I can't get a drink when dead you'll hear this angel??? Sing
How dry I am, How dry I am8        but not Sweet Adeline.9
If Heaven's dry, and we can't buy - that's Hell or there's no such thing.

Now when our years have all slipped by and we slip in the grave
Some lip may slip this dirty quip, there lies a whiskey slave
The Lord once said, "Take thou of wine for thy stomach's sake"10
Our modern version seems to read, "Take booze for belly ache."

Notes from William Burton Sharman:           "Until I opened up Dad's files in 1990, I was unaware of this composition. It has
given me insight into my father's beginnings - humble as that. If the mathematics are correct, (Uncle George being 68)
then these lines were written in 1935, his birthday being April 26, 1867. Dad would be living in Toronto then working at
the life insurance game.
W.B.S

Notes:
1aJoseph Sharman; b.Aug 10 1841, Stratford, Ontario; d.Oct 20, 1922
1bA substandard butter product
2aA weed that if eaten by a cow prior to milking, leaves a tainted taste in the milk.
2bWilliam's brother, Edward Dufferin Sharman married a First Nations person, Kathleen. While her family name is
recorded as "Bair" by Sharmans, census records suggest it was "Bear." Family lore suggests the marriage was not
supported by the family and Edward and Kathleen grew distant from the family.
2cthe verb to vamp according to Merriam Webster: to practice seductive wiles on

2dRed River Rebellion 1860-1870, many Metis moved from Manitoba/Sask. to Northwest Territories. Bison was in serious
decline and federal government often violated the terms of treaties. Completion of the railway across the prairies in
1883 made it easier for the government to get troops into the area. NWMP (Mounties) had also been created.(Wiki)

3Joseph Sharman, living in Stratford, Perth, Ontario received five land grants dated January 14, 1884 totalling 2,526 acres
in Manitoba. William Sharman,(18499-1927) living in Manitoba, received one land grant dated February 10, 1885 for 318
acres in Manitoba and Annis Sharman, living in Manitoba, received one land grant dated March 3, 1887 for 320 acres in
Manitoba. Newspapers record Joseph's trips to England to select cattle to breed.
4aWilliam was a medical doctor, Fredrick Joseph Sharman,(1875-1911) was a dentist, Henry Burton Sharman, (1865-
1953) a PhD in Religion from Chicago Theological Seminary, 1906..
4a2Isabella Josephine Maude Sharman, (1871-1949), Sara Wilson Sharman, (1879-1949), Annis Alexina Sharman, (1881-
1980), and Jessie Eleanor Sharman, (1883-1967) had three children between them.
4bRecords of the Life of Jesus, by Henry Burton Sharman. See bio on Wikipedia
4b2Ella May Long Sharman, (1875-1956)
4cWilliam Burton Sharman surmises this verse was written in 1935; confirmed five lines later
4dForm of Mephistopheles, Satan's helper who appeared to Faustus.
5With associates R. W. Gladstone and his brother-in-law, John N. Lyon, Henry helped found the Ontario Metal Culvert
Company based in Guelph, Ontario, which became the Canada Ingot Iron Company in 1915. After only six years, his goal
of financial independence had been achieved. Henry Burton Sharman served as President from 1908 to 1920, and as a
member of the Board of Directors until 1931.




6William was an alcoholic who became sober with the help Alcoholic Anonymous.
7Corruption of Corinthians 15:55: O death where is thy sting? O grave where is thy victory?
8Lyric from Irving Berlin's 1919 song The Near Future which was parodied by drunks during Prohibition
9Women singers dedicated to promoting barbershop harmony
101 Timothy 5: 23: No longer drink only water, but take a little wine for the sake of your stomach and your frequent
ailments.

