
CARLA A. GRAY, MBA
24324 Val Verde Court, Laguna Hills, CA 92653
(949) 533-4888
carla.a.gray@outlook.com

SUMMARY

 * MBA graduate working as an Accounting Manager at a software and services company with
 experience also in hardware technology distribution, architecture/construction, banking,
 insurance, retail, and transportation industries.
 * Expertise in cost and contractual accounting, creating financial statements in compliance with
 GAAP, forecasting and budgeting, financial analysis, fixed asset accounting, cash management,
 and identifying cost savings opportunities.
 * Proficient in: Deltek Vision, FAS (Fixed Asset Software), PAT (Payables, Approval, and
 Tracking), Microsoft Dynamics NAV (Navision), Sage MAS (Master Accounting Series), Quickbooks,
 Ace Tracking, FloQast, Certify, Paylocitiy, DocuSign, ADP (Automatic Data Processing)
 inclusive of Report Smith, JD Edwards, PeopleSoft, and all the Microsoft Office Software
 (Excel, MS Project, Word, Access, and PowerPoint).

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

GREENWAVE SYSTEMS, INCORPORATED; Irvine, CA Jul 2016 - Present
(A worldwide software and services company that leverages Internet of Things technology to help
clients deploy managed services)
Accounting Manager
Responsible for supervising, monitoring, and evaluating day-to-day accounting activities. Assists in
leading the global accounting and controls functions, defining and evaluating accounting policies,
maintaining fiscal records and preparing financial reports in compliance with overall reporting
requirements and operational procedures. Manage the month end close process and consolidation of
four companies with different currencies. Established and enforced proper accounting methods,
policies, and principles in accordance with GAAP. Ensure all financial systems are properly
leveraged, integrated, and upgraded to capture and produce timely and accurate information to
support organizational growth and transformation. Assign projects and direct staff to ensure
compliance and accuracy. Play a key role in the annual audit and tax information requests.
 * Took ownership of the month-end close process and played a significant role in reducing the
 time spent to close the books. Reduced from 3+ months down to 15 business days.
 * In a short period of time, self-taught complex accounting items relating to manual foreign
 exchange, intercompany transactions, revenue recognition, and intellectual property.
 * Became the ERP system expert and the super user representing the entire accounting team.
 * Generated a department wide Standard Operation Procedure Manual which was used as a valuable
 resource for training and enhanced the cross training process.

AXIOM MEMORY; Irvine, CA Mar 2016 - May 2016
(A $50 million leading provider of hardware technology solutions distributor for the IT resellers
market)
Director of Accounting
Provided leadership in the Accounting department and company finances. Managed all aspects of
budgeting and financial reporting/planning and the general ledger, including the Accounts Payable
and Accounts Receivable areas. Responsible for processing the biweekly payroll and monthly
commissions for approximately 60 employees. Prepared and assisted in annual audit with CPA firm.
 * Introduced "Certify" to automate the expense reporting process using a cloud solution in order
 to save time, money, and storage space.
 * Further enhanced the payroll system to allow employees and managers access to their personal
 and important company information though a single self-service portal location.

WARE MALCOMB; Irvine, CA Mar 2004 - Feb 2016
(A $60 million global international architecture planning, interiors, graphics and civil engineering
design firm)
Assistant Controller Mar 2012 - Feb 2016
Manage the firm's financial and accounting functions including daily cash management and job cost
accounting. Work closely with the CFO to develop budgets and quarterly forecasts, monthly financial
statements and projections (fixed assets, liabilities and net revenue), and client contracts for
multiple business organizations and companies. Responsible for company reconciliations: general
accounts, petty cash, payroll, health benefits, capital leases, inter-company transactions,
consolidations, WIP schedules, accruals, and fixed assets. Play a key role in the coordination of
the company's international expansion including tax regulations, billing requirements, laws and
standards, and currency FX rates for locations in Canada, Mexico, and Panama. Oversee all accounts
payable analysts and staff accountant roles. Accounting leader relied upon by internal and external
clients to handle all accounting and financial related items. Well versed in processing payroll
through interfacing with the ADP platform and providing support to the HR department.
 * Introduced cost efficiency methods that helped grow the company from $20M to the current $50M,
 with the expectation of doubling revenue growth in the next 5 years.
 * Ran all Deltek ERP systems upgrade testing for the following modules: Clients, Contacts,
 Opportunities, Employees, Projects, Vendors, Time and Expense, Reporting, Billing and
 Accounting.
 * Implemented PAT (Payable Approval and Tracking) software automation to digitalize vendor
 invoices that improved accuracy, speeded up processing time, while also drastically reducing
 storage space
 * Automated the data entry process by downloading Excel spreadsheets into the company's
 accounting software system, a significant cost savings.
 * Assisted in achieving company profitability of up to 15% by creating and developing annual
 budgeting to manage expenses and cash flow (non-existent before since company is
 privately-held).
 * Monitor monthly net revenue and renegotiate new contracts with various vendors to reduce
 overhead costs by 20%.

Accounting Manager Mar 2006 - Mar 2012
Supervised 7 employees in maintaining A/R, A/P, existing and future contracts, and billings. Work
closely with tax preparers and company auditors to maintain GAAP reporting accuracy. Manage check
and payroll distributions, maintain internal controls, regulate firm purchases, communicate closely
with banks regarding lines of credit, and handle FX fluctuations on currency. Review revenue and
expenses for firm contracts and vendors: analyze Dunn and Bradstreet reports, lien signature
positions, financial stability of vendors and clients.
 * Developed new accounting procedures that streamlined billing and customer interaction,
 enabling the company to be more efficient in collecting funds on time and decreasing DSO by 45
 days.
 * Implemented new company-wide expense policies, the renegotiation of property and vendor
 contracts that reduced overhead expenses by 10%.
 * Mentored and coached staff members in performance improvement and problem solving skills.
 Interviewed, hired and evaluated current and prospective employees.
 * Created the Standard Operation Procedure Manual for the entire accounting department as a
 valuable resource used for training.

Accounts Payable Analyst Mar 2004 - Mar 2006
Manage the full AP cycle, audit expense reports, and maintain positive vendor relationships.

FIRST AMERICAN CORPORATION (Consulting Project); Santa Ana, CA Mar 2003 - Mar 2004
(Nation's leading provider of title, real estate and consumer information and services)
Financial Analyst (consultant in Information Technology department)
 * Worked various consultant assignments for large sized firms.
 * Telecommunications and Network Engineering purchasing, invoices, and financial
 analysis/budgeting.
 * Perform various projects achieving significant cost reductions and the centralization of
 procedures.
 * Plan and execute strategies to enable cost effective and streamlined processes, saving the
 organization significantly in telecommunication costs.

ROBERT HALF INTERNATIONAL; Irvine, CA Sep 1998 - Feb 2003
(Professional staffing and consulting firm)
District Operations Specialist - Southern California Region (Non-Consulting; Perm Role)
 * Managed operations and reporting for over 20 Southern California branch locations.
 * Reviewed financials and developed annual budgets/forecasts for several distinct lines of
 business.
 * Presented advanced reports with analysis highlighted and actual performance compared to
 budget.
 * Approved/audited bonuses calculations along with accounts payable.

EDUCATION
University of Phoenix; Fountain Valley, CA
Masters in Business Administration, 2003

California Lutheran University; Thousand Oaks, CA
Bachelor of Science Degree in Business Administration, 2000