
Rental One
Survey ID 7607370




Ben Elder                                                   Technical Expert

          Job Title: Not provided                   Date: 05/05/2021
          Location:  76247                          Administered By:
          Email: ben.elder.personal@gmail.com       Survey Type:  Applicant



           Survey Traits

                         0    1     2     3     4    5     6     7     8     9    10

               A
               B

               C

               D
         EU = 73         0    1     2     3     4    5     6     7     8     9    10
               L
                I




           Job Behaviors

                         0    1     2     3     4    5     6     7     8     9    10

               A
               B

               C

               D
         EU = 52         0    1     2     3     4    5     6     7     8     9    10
               L
                I




             ©2022 Culture Index, LLC. For additional information, please visit www.cultureindex.com.




                                                                                                Ben Elder
                                                                                           Survey ID 7607370




Applicant Details

    Positions Applied To:

      65% - Technical Support Analyst


    General Information:

      Phone:      8179751942             Work Experience
      Address:    76247                  Not provided

      Referrer:

                                         Education
                                         Not provided




                                             Page 2 of 6




Culture Index Report

    The following brief narrative contains information covering:

             Introduction to the Report
             Traits Summary
             Job Behavior Summary

    This information should always be reviewed by a person that has attended the Culture
    Index Workshop or your Licensee, as this narrative does not go into the many
    considerations that are necessary to make an informed or educated decision on people.
    If you would like to attend a workshop, please consult your Licensee or contact us at
    support@cultureindex.com.


Introduction

    The first section titled "Traits" is a summary of seven work-related characteristics. These
    "Traits" assess who you are outside of work, or who you are when you are not modifying
    your behavior to meet the needs of your surroundings. These seven work-related "Traits"
    are inherent behaviors and are typically established by ages 8-12.

    The "Traits" summary portion will help you and others understand how you make
    decisions, what your communication style is like, the pace of the work you engage in
    naturally and your inclination towards detail orientation or conformity.

    The second section of this report entitled "Job Behaviors" is a summary of how you
    perceive you need to behave to meet the demands of your existing job and the
    responsibilities you are accountable for. This summary may also be helpful in assisting
    you and other people as to the cause and/or effect of stress or possible morale issues, if
    prevalent.

    Since Culture Index is not a test, there is no pass/fail. The purpose of this instrument is
    to help our supervisors and managers to not only understand themselves and their own
    management style, but to also understand the job from your perspective.




                                             Page 3 of 6




Traits Summary

    This individual enjoys equal amounts of independence and structure in the work place.
    They are happiest and most productive when dealing with their special areas of interest.
    This individual is equally capable of seeing the broad spectrum of possible successes
    and failures. While they can see what needs to be done, fear of the "what ifs" may cause
    them to hesitate and force them to rely on higher authority in order to take action.

    A curious problem solver who prefers dealing with data and projects rather than people.
    When in supervisory or leadership roles, this individual is straightforward and may be
    abrupt. They are factual communicators and can be confrontative. A more authoritarian
    style is evident when they are dissatisfied. They understand the value of small talk in
    social situations, but will be uncomfortable if forced to participate. Displays a distrust
    in people versus facts. They may not change their opinions to suit others unless the
    facts suggest they should. This person may demand freedom in project management
    and is reluctant to delegate to others unless competency equal to or greater than their
    own is demonstrated.

    This person is motivated by time pressures, changing priorities and deadlines. They
    enjoy some variety, but are capable of adjusting their pace to deal with repetitive work as
    long as it doesn't become a consistent part of their work day.

    A reserved person who needs time to become comfortable with others. Once familiarity
    is established, they are open with individuals, but may continue to remain quiet in
    groups. They speak in a factual and direct manner.This individual prefers work of a
    technical nature.

    This person likes variation in their work, but is capable of focusing on redundant tasks for
    short periods of time without losing interest.
    This person may seem compliant in most situations but is capable of exhibiting more
    expeditious behavior when implied from the work assigned.

    An above average amount of behavioral flexibility, this person is highly capable of
    stretching themselves out of character for long periods of time via behavior modification
    and be very comfortable. They can also work comfortably in environments where
    multiple stressors are prevalent and not tire or become mentally run down.

    This person does not easily share their feelings and prefers to think with their head,
    rather than with their heart. Their detachment from events does not mean they are
    unaware of events or others feelings. They are distancing themselves from the
    distraction of emotions in order to think more clearly.

    Capable of innovative thinking, this person may surprise with their unusual thought
    processes and solutions. They are capable of taking processes in different directions
    and should be encouraged down new paths. Ingenuity is enhanced by experience and


                                             Page 4 of 6




    education.




                                             Page 5 of 6




Job Behavior Summary

    Adapting to the existing work culture has required more of a factual or analytical focus
    on processes including but not limited to working with data, systems and tangible
    aspects of the work environment, rather than people.

    This individual perceives a need to respond even faster and quicker to issues of a time
    sensitive nature and to juggle a wider variety of tasks. Already a fast paced person, this
    individual is driving themselves to work at even a greater sense of urgency.

    This person is attempting to modify an inherent high sense of detail perhaps in order to
    delegate work or to become more flexible.

    This individual is perceiving a need to apply a lower degree of energy units to their work
    environment than they naturally possess. This could indicate morale issues and should
    be addressed, as they are not utilizing their full potential.

    This person is not utilizing their natural level of Ingenuity in the work culture. This may
    result in feelings of under utilization and morale issues.

    This person perceives the need to apply a very high degree of objectivity and logic
    mindedness to their work. Personal and other's emotions are set aside. Work and its
    various aspects are being approached in a very black and white manner. They may be
    perceived as cold or uncaring by others, when in fact, they are simply pursuing work
    goals in an objective manner regardless of their own, or anyone else's feelings. This
    does not mean they do not care, but they do not allow their empathy to deter from the
    work at hand.




                                             Page 6 of 6

