
Orlando Tensuan                                                 Contact # (702) 666-7064
 2912 Holly Hill Avenue
 Las Vegas Nevada

Objective : To acquire a challenging position where I could apply my knowledge and skills. To be part of a team with great potential for skills and development .

Experience:

October,2021 To Present   CITY OF LAS VEGAS   Parks and Recreation - Health Parks Aide
Performs unskilled work in the routine ground and custodial care including picking up trash and maintenance of City Parks and other landscaped and recreation areas.
Performs related duties as assigned.

May,2018 - March, 2020    Wellness Transport LLC Shutlle Van/ Medical Ride Driver
Transporting patients from and onto desidnated locations safely on a timely manner.
Coordinating with dispatch regarding the status of the ride status.



December ,20116- May,2018 Uber/Lyft Driver
Pick up and drop off pasengers from their pick up location onto their designated drop off locations.
Making sure vehicle is safe and clean and and assiting passenger safely into and out the vehicle.
Assisting passengers with teir luggages and with theit equipments as needed including people with dissabilities.

 July, 2014 - January,2017   Executive Las Vegas ( Jacob Transportation Services, LLC )- Driver
Manage  manifests daily routes  regarding assigned passenger pick ups and drop offs  location of patients to their designated locations in timely manner .
Maintain accounts in good standing by providing excellent service in accordance to safety rules and regulations.
Coordinate with dispatch regarding  information  updates and / or changes  in status.
Complete all paper works including DTR , Pre and Post trip,  receipts and route sheet on time.
Comply with safety rules and regulation in accordance with the law and company policy.
Ensure passenger safety by assisting passenger in and out of the vehicle  safe belt worn properly.

 July,2007- May, 2012  Rotech Healthcare - Patient Service Technician
Managed delivery and set ups of equipments at the delivery address as required in accordance with industry standards and applicable federal, state and local governmental regulations .
Educate  patients and/or caregivers on the safe use and maintenance of the delivered items 
Complete all necessary delivery forms and paperwork including invoices, work orders, manifests and logs and report equipment hazards and/or product incidents as required· 
Develop and maintain working knowledge of current products and services offered by the company and all applicable governmental regulations .
Comply with applicable laws and regulations  and maintained assigned company vehicle in a clean and safe working condition .
Ensure understanding of equipment by providing clear instructions.
Maintain a positive and constructive attitude ,work with CSR's to coordinate deliveries .
Adhere to and implement all company policies and procedures, including but not limited to Clinical Programs .
Develop and maintain a working knowledge of current Medicare, Medicaid, insurance .

November, 2006- July,2007- General Electric Healthcare Route Service Representative
( Courier ) 
Managed transportation and complied safety procedure. and prepare, pulls pack and deliver Pharmaceutical supplies. - Completes all paperworks including pick and deliveries. 

Jan. 2006- March, 2006 Apria Healthcare Tustin CA.  Delivery Technician 
Pull pack and deliver medication supplies and basic equipments. 
 Demonstrate and educate  patients proper use and care of medical equipments including maintenance.
Complete all necessary paper works including pick up, daily deliveries.

Oct.10,2005 - Dec.2005 Kaiser Permanente Lakeview CA ,
 Managed inventory stocking ,receiving,  exchange cart and par level supply. Deliveries and orders ,handling equipments.

 August ,2002-June ,2005     FRY'S ELECTRONICS Fountain Vly. CA  Sales Associate 
Maintained high standard customer service and promote sales. - Managed daily inventory and store transfers.  Maintained relationships with existing clients by promoting products. 

May 6, 2002-Aug 2002 STAPLES Huntington Beach, CA Sales Associate  
Assists customers and handles phone inquiries 
Managed  inventory  product stocks monitoring and replenishment. 
Education 1992-1996 Emilio Aguinaldo College Manila, Philippines - Graduated with a B.S. degree major in Respiratory Therapy - Completed clinical training program in Respiratory Therapy . Strengths : People person, team player, independent and hardworking. - Completed various sales training and seminars on customer service. - Computer literate,Microsoft Works Word, email and technolgy. - Good oral and written communication skills.


