
                                           SHARIFF KHADER
                                   |403.479.0786 | shariffakhader@yahoo.com|


                                            CAREER SUMMARY
Seasoned and Competent Project Manager with solid experience, knowledge, and essential skills to be successful.
I bring 15 plus years of progressive growth working in various Industries, technologies and roles. It includes working
as Project Manager, Business Analyst, Sales Engineer, Account Manager and Manager of Services. Excellent track
record in management, team building and technical consulting. An engineer with post graduate diploma in
computer applications, and certificate in advanced project management. Exemplary analytical and logical reasoning
skills combined with sharp business acumen, people skills and ability to adapt constant change into actions.

Key Competencies  :

 Advanced Project Management, Assertive                     Advanced Business Analysis
 Sales, Enterprise, Business Development                    Risk Management, Change Management
 Leadership, Communication, Accountability                  Self Driven, Quick Learner, Brand Ambassador
 Finance and Budgeting Expertise                            Service Excellence, Dispute Resolution Expert, Detail
 Critical Thinker & Creative Manager                        Excellent Interpersonal, Planning
 Engineer, Eligible for PEng                               Team Work, Fire warden, CPR - II

                                           ACCOMPLISHMENTS
*   As Project Manager, streamlined key components of Procuredox resulting higher revenue, sales closures, timely project
    executions by integrating business processes, project approach, cost savings, technical competencies of project team,
    client expectations into one solution.
*   Assisting GS Beauty group to establish trust in Western Canada by taking leads to the next level.
*   Rated in top 10% of best performers in performance reviews at Parkland and Cortex, six years straight.
*   Got promoted three times at GE from trainee to Manager as In-Charge managed entire province operations as territory.
    Shown growth of 20% year over year for three consecutive years.
*   As Sales Engineer build strong relationships with existing commercial accounts and expanded market. Resulted in
    winning Exxon Mobile contract, Clean Harbors and other major oil accounts.
*   Streamlined pricing strategies, sales forecasting and performance metrics for staff and assisted senior management in
    KPIs goal setting and building practices and methodologies.
*   Involved in consolidation initiatives such as closing of branches and combining teams and operations.
*   Did tremendous work in business optimization and process improvement activities covering systems, people, business
    processes and integrations leading to better sales, revenue growth and customer service.
*   Developed new processes and systems to eliminate sales and service obstacles at branch and corporate level.
*   Worked as project manager driving wireless vehicle monitoring IOT project into 450 trucks nationwide rolling out
    hardware and software implementation. Resulted in automation, FTE reduction, paperless HOS logs.
*   Worked as PM deployed 3 major projects involving hardware and software integration, business processes alignment,
    dashboard KPIs, and analytics.
*   In depth knowledge in energy Industry procurement processes, B2B automation, integrated 45 project initiatives re Oil
    and Gas clients like Husky, Apache, Clean Harbors, Tervita, Schlumberger, Weatherford etc.
*   Played key role in strategic planning initiatives, enhancements, and new systems and business processes in mergers and
    acquisition of companies into parent company.
*   Sound knowledge and experience dealing with large ($5 Million), medium ($2.5Million) to small ($0.5Million) projects,
    RFQ process oriented projects, creating business cases, feasibility reports, SWOT analysis, case studies, research papers,
    user manuals and adhoc documentations.
*   Built solid relationships with Senior Leadership Team, CTO, VPs, Directors, Regional Managers, and branches by providing
    excellent customer service with sincerity and a sense of urgency. Worked as brand ambassador and ISO auditor resolved
    highly complex issues increased customer loyalty




*   Rolled out strategic planning initiatives, enhancements, and new systems and business processes in mergers and
    acquisition of companies into parent company.
*   Delivered 20+ project initiatives as project manager, business lead, business analyst, and in business support roles for
    process improvements, business optimization, EDI, enhancements, migrations, integrations and nationwide B2B rollouts.
*   20 plus years' global experience as a seasoned mature professional working with diverse cultures in Oil & Gas, Energy,
    Government, Transportation, Retail and Consumer Goods Packaged Industries.
    o   12 plus years of project management and business analysis work experience on both technical and functional
        forefronts dealing cutting edge technologies and methodologies.
    o   8 plus years combined experience in technical and functional ERP implementation projects in SAP and JDE systems
        contributing from blue-print to post go live full software development cycle. Proven thoroughness in facilitation,
        conducting white board sessions, focus groups and workshops with senior management, operations, managers, finance, IT
        and project team's weekly updates, scrums, standup calls, etc.
    o   Identified and executed critical process improvement opportunities working with business and IT. Played key role in drafting
        SOWs, business cases, AFE, approvals, current state analysis, fit gap analysis (root cause analysis), work arounds, future state
        processes, business processes modeling, process owners signoff and future state executions, communication strategies,
        rollouts, etc.
    o   Led projects as PM and BA developing all needed documentations project charter, vendor selection, project management
        plan, scheduling, resource management, critical path, milestones, risk mitigation plan, RACI matrix, RASCI, DACI, transition
        plan, training plan, roll out plan, Go No Go decision, Day of Go Live, Cutover activities, post go live lessons learnt, support
        model, etc.
*   Delivered continuous improvement projects successfully to different departments listed few below:
    o   Acquisition/Merger project Sparlings Integration into Parkland, deployed delivery dispatch component as PM
    o   Conversion project Prairies West conversion from JDE system to Infosys, business processes as Lead BA
    o   Business intelligence (BI) for commercial operations tied to HR KPI (s), deployed 11 KPIs
    o   IOT remote vehicle monitoring GPS for fleet, nationwide rollout in 400 trucks
    o   EDI automation for credit and finance, B2B mergers integration for IT and business, CNRL $140M Invoicing.

                                       TECHNOLOGIES COMPETENCIES
 Hardware                  Windows Server, Unix, Sun Servers, Apple
 Operating Systems         Sun Solaris; AIX; HP-UX; Linux; IOS; AS/400
 Languages                 C, C++, C#, Java, Pascal, Fortran, Scripting (Lotus Notes, CHTML), Python (WIP)
 Databases                 Oracle; DB2; SQL Server; Microsoft Access; Visio; VBA, VMWare, AppSense, UEM
 Applications              Microsoft Projects, Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, SharePoint, Visio, Sensei,
 Applications              Rational Rose, Cold Fusion, Visual Studio, Biz Talk, LiveLink, Sentinel, ARI, AWE, Roadnet, Kubra,
                           Cortex, ADP, Blueprint, Sales Force, Datazen, MS Projects, BPMN, Citrix
 ERP Systems & Others      SAP; JDE; Abilis; ARIBA; Quick books, Microsoft Dynamics, BPCS, Web Services, Snag IT


                                           BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
    *   Ability to execute management vision and goals re mission of the company demonstrated outstandingly
    *   Implemented excellent communication with executives at all levels techies, c-level executives by building trust
        through timely deliverables
    *   Travelled extensively in the assigned territory meeting top notch Industry leaders, business leads, sales visits, client
        support sessions, product demos, technical seminars and workshops and conferences
    *   Built strong relationships with teams and customers resulting in as most trusted organizations, better sales base,
        revenue generation, product promotions and happy clients




                                LEADERSHIP AND FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT
    *   Provided perfect balance between project team, enterprise delivery, sales and PROD teams by passion sense of
        urgency and results
    *   Assisted Enterprise sales and direct sales teams at Cortex in closing sales by eliminating roadblocks recommending
        solutions. Resulted in 25% growth in accounts, transaction revenue and vendors retention year over year
    *   Worked closely with senior management in developing strategies, methodologies, practices binding projects
        delivery, enterprise, sales and customer service as one team
    *   Implemented project cost control analytics, tracking milestones critical path, control project scope creep, mitigated
        risks
    *   Reviewed SLA, Contract agreements and tightened cost saving measures, vendor fee, hidden charges, terms, clauses,
        etc., parameters in favor of the company
    *   Worked as brand ambassador and customer issues resolution officer by solving highly complex business issues,
        technical challenges, and sales roadblocks.

                                           CUSTOMER SATISFACTION
    *   Developed the habit of listening in the team, identify pain points of Industry and client, addressing issues with
        company product offerings and going extra mile to deliver customer delight
    *   Understood key strengths of company product and services, technical competencies, cost savings, and project
        execution and aligned it to sales growth and enterprise delivery strategies.
    *   Delivered project excellence in deploying solutions to each sales opportunity on time on schedule and on budget
        following PMBOK guidelines including both eight workflow processes (Integration, Scope, Time, Cost, Human
        Resources, Risk, Procurement and Stakeholders) and five phases (namely Initiating, Planning, Executing, Monitoring
        & Controlling and Closing each opportunity).

                                                   TEAM WORK
    *   As Manager at GE, established strong team of team players both individual star performers and team contributors by
        recruiting great talent, nourishing them and playing key part in their career development.
    *   As Project Manager at Bell, assisted colleagues and enterprise account team in achieving targets, ARPU, highest
        renewals and delivering exemplary plans and savings to clients by eliminating business roadblocks via projects.
    *   As Sales Engineer/IC, at Cortex, built confidence of enterprise and direct sales team technical competencies by
        training, visiting clients, participating in sales calls, doing an outstanding work in technical requirements gathering
        working with delivery implementation team. Worked on new products and improving existing solutions by running
        roadmap projects.
    *   As Business Analyst/PM, at Parkland, assisted sales team in RFQ leads and submissions, improved processes by
        implementing business optimization and process improvement initiatives. Worked as BA, Business Lead, PM leading
        projects and assisted Credit, IT, Finance, Procurement and other departments by resolving issues with solutions.

                                      PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
PROJECT MANAGER
Role(s): Project Manager, Sales Engineer, Business Analyst
Procuredox                                                                                      Jan 2007 - Present.

Problem: Business process management and project management of projects involving IT and client, work as liaison between
sales, business development and IT teams, assist sales in converting leads to accounts, provide technical insights into business
development initiatives, roadmap research new technologies and support complete project life cycle.

Actions:
*   Assist sales team in sales engineering, process discovery sessions client meetings and support activities




*   Responsible for financial analytics i.e., project cost, budgeting, variance, actuals, project controls of each project assigned and
    program management and weekly report to Director IT Services & Projects.
*   Provide outstanding project plans, scheduling, procurement, communication, resource management, SOWs, solution design, risk
    mitigation, overcome show stoppers, road blocks with excellent work arounds to close the sale
*   Be customer service ambassador and branch image in client calls and meetings with clients highlighting product offerings, services
    and solution delivery
*   Review all commercial agreements, SLA documentations, PO approvals and issue, credit agreements work with different
    departments including service delivery team, project team, sales, operations and finance
*   Schedule, organize and coordinate all training needs of buddy trainers, train the trainers, leads and developers
*   Responsible for hiring talented technical A players for the organization and coach them

Results:
*   Developed and streamlined existing work flows and business processes for sales engineering
*   Excelled as delivery manager on each assigned project initiative from inception kickoff to project delivery
*   Built excellent relationships with c-level executives in the network and assisted in cross selling
*   Deployed projects on scheduled, on time and on budget overcoming constraints.

NATIONAL BROKER
Role(s): Business Development, Sales, Operations
GS Beauty Group                                                                                 Jan 2007 - Present.

    *   Managing leads conversion for entire Western region. Operating independently with no resources and support from
        head office. Duties include SEO, channel marketing, trade shows, sales strategy sessions, and reporting.

BUSINESS ANALYST / PROJECT MANAGER
Role(s): BA, PM, Financial Analyst, Business Lead
Parkland Fuel Corporation                                                                     Oct 2013 - Nov 2016.

Problem : Resolve all business bottlenecks impacting Commercial Operations division's smooth functioning by collaborating
with other departments and implementing solutions. Liaison between business and IT. Managed strategic initiatives, projects
over $5 Million dollars. Responsible for project cost controls budgeting, actuals and variances. Assisted Sales team for RFQ
leads conversion, process improvements, optimization, consolidation, KPI(s), and other duties. Build strong relationship with
c-level execs.

Actions:

*   My role was not limited to business analysis but demanded more than a PM and Financial Analyst all three positions
    combined and beyond, primarily working as a liaison championing between business division i.e., Commercial Operations
    and connecting functions namely Sales, Finance, Credit, Billing, IT, Supply, Procurement, Corporate, Fixed Assets, Fleet
    and Others including branch operations.
*   Led commercial fixed assets cleanup project involving rental tanks (propane, lubes, others) and for sale tanks worth $30
    Million dollars nationwide at a branch level. I developed solid analytical reports, documented business processes of
    various phases of assets (current state, future state processes) life cycle, data analysis, reporting, tracking framework,
    user manuals for branch admin, training videos, gap analysis with fixed assets in JDE system, updating system, data
    cleanup and updating Inventory controls and measures. Developed extensive reporting structure at Director, Regional
    and Branch level bringing significant value to the company.
*   Developed program management for all initiatives and projects in commercial fuels division involving over 22 initiatives
    in different phases of projects with different solutions, work arounds in the form of system upgrades, enhancements,
    conversion projects, integration of B2B, Internet of Things (IOT), cloud based solutions, BI Dashboard analytics KPI
    project, streamlining of existing solutions on technical front JDE Pricing project, conversion from JDE ordering processing
    module to Infosys order processing moving entire Sales Order Processing and attached components of delivery and
    dispatch, credit, billing, inventory process steps and more.




*   Worked closely with finance team in fact reported to them in the form of weekly updates and monthly management
    reporting decks focusing on project objective, summary, timelines, status, roadblocks, milestones, phase and next steps,
    project cost controls.
*   Traveled to branches need based and to company sites for first hand feel of issues and problems, initial requirements
    gathering, gap analysis for projects like inventory planning, order to cash, CTGI initiatives, CTNS initiative and Fleet
    wireless monitoring project.
*   Visited vendors corporate offices, warehouses, IT departments, research and development centers to investigate product
    performance, review and support they provide for Parkland.
*   Conducted senior management leadership team meetings between vendor and Parkland when needed for escalations,
    issues resolutions championing quick approvals, product improvements and operational excellence. Demonstrated never
    give up can do attitude at extremely difficult and crucial times of project phase as a PM, Business Analyst, Business Lead
    and support roles.
*   Involved heavily in working committees and voluntary committees outside roles and responsibilities displayed
    outstanding work ethics and uncompromised laser focus on assigned and unassigned tasks until they are resolved and
    closed.
*   Go getter and completely autonomous in function with minimum to no supervision with authority and no authority at
    times for initiatives and issues, demonstrated true passion for process improvements and business optimization.
*   Was Business Lead for Ernest Young (EY) consulting strategic initiative, purpose of the effort was to dig deep into current
    states of commercial fuels division connecting pieces of all other functions touching ERPs, systems, branches, customers,
    and corporate, accounts, finance, sales, credits, procurement, fixed assets, fleet, IT departments. Worked with team and
    developed future state processes, requirements, fit gap analysis and recommendations. Resulted in three-year strategic
    initiative of growth plan.
*   Worked extensively on business analytics for tanks monitoring system, fleet expenses, reporting on all aspects of idling
    and fleet analytics, dashboard KPIs, Sales win loss reports, inventory planning, dispatch delivery reports for commercial,
    residential accounts by product category. Displayed excellent communication skills by scheduling, following up and
    closing each issue and meeting action item whether it is a daily scrum or just a meeting request from branch.
*   Worked in depth on financial JDE system all modules, Infosys sales, dispatch, delivery, service and maintenance modules
    other technologies like AWE, ARI, BSM Sentinel, Cortex desktop, Parkland portal, connecting interfaces like Kubra and
    other systems.
*   Successfully enhanced Net Promoter Index (NPI) - a customer loyalty initiative by analyzing existing report and data
    dump and communicating improved report with senior management and directors re region. Streamlined the report and
    initial understandings and handed it to marketing division.
*   Developed national database of key performance indicators, operational scorecards, metrics, and decision analytics for
    the entire division worked with consultants, external vendors, internal stakeholders of all facets and levels including CTO,
    VPs, Directors, Regional Managers, branch managers, dispatchers, drivers, branch admin.
*   Project managed initiatives under commercial operations; reported to respective project owners.
*   Interpreted and analyzed operational information, and made recommendations for process improvements.
*   Followed standard best practices in identifying the root of business problems or inefficiencies and create business cases
    for changes completed 22 + initiatives in 3 years span.
*   Maintained project management of weekly reports to steering committees, project sponsor, working committee, and
    business.
*   Created required documentation and shared via SharePoint portal data repository or as emails.
*   Created required documents, validated and developed Customer Operations business processes (current state and
    future state) and procedural documentation that will ensure compliance with internal and external performance
    requirements (including AUC rules, and SOX obligations) for merger integration projects.
*   Managed reporting and analytics, which involved working on fleet fuel analysis, tank monitoring, delivery dispatch of
    customer accounts, and explored new opportunities for continuous improvement.




*   Facilitated focus group sessions and requirements gathering discovery sessions for project scope, fit gap analysis, future
    state business processes following PMO framework, IIBA guidelines rendering highest standards of control, compliance,
    customer service and efficiency.
*   Collaborated with internal stakeholders including project managers, project owners, functional managers regarding risk
    and change management requests including working in conjunction with training department where required and
    transferring knowledge for ownership as appropriate in developing manuals and reference guides for end users.
*   Supported process improvement activities and business case justification for capital expenditures.
*   Worked as Business Lead doing business acceptance testing for Customer Operations, KPI dashboard metrics, common
    truck numbering, remote vehicle monitoring, etc., developed test scripts with key stakeholders, as required.
*   Developed strong business relationships with senior management, VPs, Directors, Managers and IT, Customer service
    and commercial operations team and external vendors and contractors.
*   Worked on special projects namely strategic initiatives and tactical consolidation project initiatives and other duties as
    assigned.

Results:
*   Represented as SME on numerous projects for new technologies implementation, gap analysis in existing systems, and
    reporting senior management with solutions.
*   Researched, analyzed new technology solutions, explored vendors, facilitated demos, proof of concepts, discovery
    sessions and initiated business cases, AFEs, and RFQs for projects.
*   Initiated strategic initiatives successfully and deployed CTGI common truck numbering system interfacing with six
    different systems and applications.
*   Business lead for BICO KPI project deployed project at national level rolling 11 KPI(s) as first pilot including Sales, Finance,
    Operations, and Fleet components
*   Successfully deployed IOT (internet of things) first wireless monitoring systems project in 400 trucks nationwide
    automating HOS hours, electronic logs
*   Implemented first Idling policy for Parkland through BSM wireless project, which provided a niche for Parkland in bidding
    and increased revenue
*   Led EY consulting initiative and completed current and future state order to cash process for Commercial Ops division in
    five weeks
*   Worked as SME for JDE Pricing project by producing business requirements and business testing resulted in business
    optimization and increased lead conversions
*   Successfully initiated strategic B2B initiative of oilfield services customer accounts automation and addressed five phases
    of implementation with single vendor
*   Deployed two conversion projects with excellent requirements gathering and project management of business
    processes, system migration, and support model for post go live change management

Projects: Order to cash, BSM Wireless Monitoring, CTGI Initiatives, CTNS Initiative, BICO KPI Initiative, Capital assets
management initiative, Excalibur PMO Initiative, Commercial Propane Technical Compliance, ARI Project, Inventory Planning,
Dartmouth Roadnet, Commercial Branch Telephone Services, Sparlings Conversion, Prairies West Conversion, Sales Feed
Inventory, IT Enhancements, Lubes Consolidation, Ready2Roll Pilot, JDE Pricing, JDE/Infosys Sales Order East, Kubra Project.

IMPLEMENTATION CONSULTANT / SALES ENGINEER
Role(s): Developer, System Analyst, SE, PM, Solution Sales
Cortex Business Solutions                                                                    May 2010 - Aug 2013

Problem : Technical expert who can understand the implementation requirements and communicate effectively with the
suppliers in simple business terms and resolve any roadblocks. Solution sales to commercial accounts, shown growth of over
25% year over year, participated in new pricing strategies, sales strategies, new products pilots, cross selling and up selling.
Learnt sales force new system usage and updating accounts sales info. Build strong base and relationship with clients.

Actions:
*   Led successful completion of projects without deviations, on time and on budget; managed projects of various
    complexity and clarity.
*   Built outstanding relationships with the clients leading to cross over sales.




*   Set clear expectations and communication with all stakeholders.
*   Understood and aligned business and technical requirements of Enterprise, Client and Cortex.
*   Learned and improved the business processes, supply chain, and procurement processes as IC.
*   Kept project on track by creating Change Orders in a timely fashion.
*   Presented solution design for GO/NO GO decisions at Risk Management Meetings.
*   Tracked implementation guide limitations and recommended improvements with the steward.
*   Created a methodology to optimize the number of projects simultaneously delivered.
*   Managed requirements effectively to overcome any roadblocks in project deployment.
*   Guided teams on Cortex applications and systems.
*   Supported and executed activities as directed by the Director and Project Manager.

Result:
*   Managed 47+ accounts with 56 implementation projects at Cortex covering Oil and Gas, Utilities, Transportation, and
    Construction industry clientele.
*   Showed a savings of $1M in Invoicing for Clean Harbors with SWAT Initiative.
*   Received excellent feedback for SWAT Initiative's execution from the Senior Vice President, Business Development and it
    was also presented as a corporate initiative to the Board of Directors at Cortex.
*   Implemented novel corporate project initiatives, Synergy, SWAT, Husky Materials and Multihub integrations.
*   Won an Imperial Oil project for Cortex by persistence and building strong relationships with the client. Accomplished this
    outside the scope of my role and generated revenue of $45K towards project cost.
*   Built excellent client relationships at operational and C-level with high to mid-size accounts.
*   Developed clear communication strategies with Enterprise accounts for smooth implementation of highly complex buyer
    supplier procurement requirements.
*   Beat own record of maximum solution design approvals sign offs with the development team, in the initiate phase, on
    time and on budget at Cortex.
*   Developed integrations master checklist for product management enlisting milestones for smooth execution of projects,
    which benefits the team and new hires by providing guidelines.
*   Created and significantly improved existing tools for solution design, CTPN, User Acceptance Testing, test cases, input
    data sign off, requirements gathering, GAP sign off etc. at Cortex.

Projects: Husky Energy, BP Energy, Northern Blizzard, Bonavista, Trilogy, Westfire, Petro-Hunt LLC, Energen Resources,
Apache Canada, Apache Corporation, Imperial Oil, Schlumberger, Clean Harbors, Key Energy, Mullen Group, Precision Drilling,
Tervita Corporation, Spartan Controls, and Baker Hughes.

REPORTING ANALYST
Roles: Analyst and Customer care
Canadian Pacific Railways                                                                      Apr 2009 - Apr 2010

Problem : To understand and design the requirements specs for SAP implementation migration project from in-house ERP
system. Worked with account reps managing multi-million-dollar commercial accounts, simplified reports for better customer
service, data transparency, win/loss variances and P&L statements.

Actions:
*   Quickly understood the system deficiencies, inadequacies in report generation.
*   Proposed new method of communicating daily reports with commercial accounts.
*   Supported peers for custom solution requests, diagnosing SAP CRM tickets troubleshooting and case management.
*   Supported business team in other requests and activities as needed.

Result:
Layout of initial requirements gathering and functional specification draft created, reviewed with the account agents. Resulted
in smooth creation of reports and timely delivery of the same to customers.




PROCESS ANALYST
Roles: Process Analyst, Project Support
The City of Calgary                                                                          Sept 2008 - Mar 2009

Opportunity: New billing system upgrade between ENMAX and The City of Calgary using SAP implementation. Involved in
process modeling of business processes of water services group, process owner signoff, documentation, and project
management activities. Resulted in new billing system implementation.

Actions:
*   Smoothly handled the transition of 44 business processes from as-is to the next step, future state processes.
*   Developed good rapport with various business units within water services and worked closely with The City of Calgary
    business analyst, BPM team, IT team and documents record department.
*   Conducted focus group meetings, one-on-one weekly meetings for requirements gathering, solution review and sign-off
    process.
*   Participated actively in daily scrums and adhoc meeting requests.
*   Supported project manager for business testing in absence of QA testing lead sudden departure.
*   Successfully deployed current and future state processes of the project onto water services internal web hosting and
    developed special user manuals and how to documents.
*   Consistently uploaded all the documents, files, and other information onto Livelink documents repository.
*   Supported BPM team with upgrading process modeling software from Agile to Blue Print, if needed.

Result:
*   Deployed project and conducted dress rehearsals smoothly.
*   Transitioned all documents with sign off sheets to the PM.

PROJECT MANAGER
Roles: Corporate Strategy, Retail Sales, Strategic Selling, Enterprise
Bell Canada Enterprise                                                                        Aug 2006 - Aug 2008

Project: Project scoping, initiate phase implementation GO/NO GO decision making and designing requirements gathering
specifications to implement SAP throughout the company. Responsible for managing assigned territory corporate accounts
with oil and gas, utilities, banks and other portfolios. Built strong relationships re client reps, clients resolved issues and
concerns & built trust.

Actions:
*   Stewardship of all retail operations technical and business requirements gathering scoping.
*   Interacted, communicated, and created templates and solution design inputs for CIC, web interface and user interface
    application design.
*   Supported and investigated any impediments in existing applications for inventory management, customer service and
    other needs.

Result:
*   Client implemented the project successfully and streamlined inventory control of obsolete items, stock management,
    quarterly reviews, and audit trails.
*   Reduced items and increased ARPU overall.

MANAGER, OPERATIONS
Roles: Sales, Business Development, Service, Operations Manager
General Electric                                                                              July 1996 - Mar 2003

Actions:
*   Initiated several initiatives as project owner, lead and business resource supporting projects from start to finish.
*   Actively participated in all phases of project implementation from business case to support model.
*   Successfully developed new front application design and coordinated entire project operations.
*   Deployed successfully field trials and gathered technical feedbacks on new GE products in Indian market.
*   Conducted non-CFC government initiative developing awareness among technical experts and Industry business.




*   Played critical role in revamping operations moving from company owned customer care to franchise operations,
    remodeling warehouse management, supply chain and logistics of consumer goods. Developed feasibility reports, ROI
    analysis reports and obsolete stocks clearance plans for senior management.
*   Organized and executed quarterly ISO audit trials at branch level and other business units.
*   Resolved highly complex and crucial consumer complaints resulting in improved company brand image.

Result:
*   Developed new dealer channels, franchisees, smart care centers and standardized operations.
*   Participated in IT revamp, staff restructuring and aligning business development and sales operations.
*   Company showed a growth of 20% for three consecutive years. Worked as brand ambassador and ISO Auditor.

                                                  EDUCATION
Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Applications , C-Point Institute of Technology AP.
Bachelor of Technology Degree in Mechanical Engineering, National Institute of Technology Warangal.
Mechanical Engineering Diploma , Kakatiya University.
Eligible for P.Engg and preparing for PMP certification.

                              PROFESSIONAL EDUCATION ONGOING
Data Science and Social Analytics, MIT Learning Center                                               2017 - Present
Advanced Project Management Certificate Course, Tarka Consulting                                        2015 - 2016
Webinars and Short Courses from JDE Tips @ JDE Training Sessions                                       2013 - 2016
Leadership Training, Bell Corporation                                                                          2006
SAP SD Training, IT Leading Consultants LLC                                                                    2008
SAP CRM Training, IT Leading Consultants LLC                                                                   2009
Business Analysis Training                                                                                     2005
Leadership Programs, GE                                                                                 1996 - 2003
Lean Six Sigma Black Belt Training, GE                                                                 1996 - 2003
Balance Score Card Training, GE                                                                         1996 - 2003

                                  KNOWLEDGE BASE / SPECIALITIES
Project Management Body of Knowledge, PMI (Project Management Institute) / BABOK Standards Implementation
Waterfall Model in Application Development / Work flow Analysis / Data Analysis / Contract Management /SLA
Biz Talk Mapping / GAP Analysis / Value Streaming Mapping / Process Modelling / BPM / Process Mapping/Use Case
Rapid Application Development / AGILE / Change Management / Risk Management / Release Management
UML (Unified Modeling Language) / Deployment Management/Requirements Gathering/System Requirements/Fit GAP
Total Quality Management / Six Sigma / Group Technology/ Traceability Matrix/DFD/Data & System Flow Diagrams
Supply Chain Management Procurement Business Processes/ CRM / Sales & Distribution / SCM / P2P / O2C / B2B
Commercial Off the Shelf (COTS) products Implementation / ISO internal auditor/SWOT Analysis/Risk Mitigation logs
ITIL/Scrum/COBIT/ Integration EDI/ Automation.

                                           VOLUNTARY SERVICE
Coach cum Trainer Yoga, Badminton and Cricket                                                           1996 - 2017
Treasury for a charitable association                                                                 2014 - 2015.

                                            MILITARY / CADETS
Achieved highest rank in Cadet Corps Program, B-Certificate, C-Certificate                             1987 - 1991
EME Army Center (Electrical, Mechanical Engineers) 45 days camp                                        1989 - 1989.

                                                 INTERESTS
Start-ups, Extreme Sports, Triathlete, High Impact Trainings, Karate Black belt (Don-I), Yoga guru, Meditation.

