


CHRISTIAN O. NWOGU
9612 Redwood Ave, Fontana, CA 92335
Phone: 909-695-6002
Nwoguchristian94@yahoo.com

Professional Summary

To obtain a position in supply chain industry as an operation manager. Able to work independently
with integrity as a leader and ready to train team members to become efficient and successfully
achieve business goals in the company. Possess excellent customer service, team building and
effectively communicate with internal and external partners. Proficient in corporate coordination
and direct team management.

Skills

    *      Expert in team building, coaching and motivating subordinates.
    *      Experienced in Microsoft office, reports, and documentation.
    *      Competent in making decisions and attention to detail.
    *      Over 8 years of experience in warehouse and 4 years in leadership.
    *      Proper time management, delegation, and strong problem-solving ability.
    *      Skilled in organizing, planning, critical thinking, and prioritizing work.

Work Experience

Shipping Manager: Sep 2021 - Present
Lineage Logistics - Fontana, CA

    *      Coach and train team members on continuous improvement and problem-solving.
    *      Planning and executing departmental labor planning
    *      Professionally trained new hires and addressed issues that would affect job performance.
    *      Managed safety, quality, productivity, and customer delivery promises.
    *      Ability to analyze data to decide paths for process improvement and decide root cause.
    *      Improving the work environment and operations of your department and the organization.
    *      Knowledgeable in supply systems/programs such as GLS and YMS and proficient in locating and
      fixing discrepancies.
    *      Coordinated and aided with work assignments, career advancements, and larger scope project.
    *      Evaluating the performance of your assigned employees, delivering positive and/or negative
      feedback, and addressing any shortcomings through progressive and recognitions.

Quality Assurance Supervisor: April 2018 - Sep 2021
Nakupuna Solutions - Lemoore, CA

    *      Trained new team members on lean A3's, PDCA and quick improvement
    *      Ability to analyze problems and asking the five why's to get to the root cause.
    *      Move freight, stock, or other materials to and from storage or production areas, loading
      docks, delivery vehicles, ships, or containers using forklifts and other equipment.
    *      Maintain equipment periodically to ensure that it is ready for use.
    *      Made sure inventory and cycle counts were correct and in compliance
    *      Inventory evaluated items for defects and errors that needed adjustment in ERP
    *      Ensure compliance with Company, OSHA, DOT, EPA regulations with emphasis on HazMat
      requirement.

           Automated Logistics Specialist 92A: April 2015 - Present
Army National Guard - Ontario, CA
    *      Trained, supervised, and mentored soldiers in a squad section of 6 to 12.
    *      Teaching Soldiers knowledge of economic and accounting principles/ practices of classes of
      supply.
    *      Maintain operational record and item inventories.
    *      Proficient in GCSS Army system.
    *      In charge of shipping, receiving, storing, and issuing stock.
    *      Performed forklift training and sling loading operations.
    *      Monitoring/Assessing performance of yourself, other individuals, and organizations to make
      improvements or take corrective action.
    *      Review and verify quantity of supplies received.
    *      Inventoried multiple classes of supply.
    *      Prepared documents and aided with location management.

Education

Imo State University - Owerri, Nigeria
Bachelor of Science - Computer Science Sept - 2014

New Horizons Learning Center - San Bernardino, CA
Microsoft junior server administrator May - 2019
Microsoft Office programs and CPR certified.                  Jun - 2010

