
                     Barry Boehmer




               1408 Dodd Drive, Downingtown , PA19335 | 610-888-3154     | barryboehmer77@gmail.com




Summary

Dedicated Administrative professional with solid background in high-volume office environments focused on delivering
exceptional clerical and operational support for professionals. Personable and communicative individual with friendly
demeanor and sound judgment to handle diverse daily tasks with minimal oversight. Well-versed in managing office
supplies, paperwork and project needs. Personable with experience employing exceptional relationship-building abilities
to cultivate positive rapport among clients, staff and management. Highly-developed communicator with outstanding
skills in complex problem-solving and conflict resolution. Expertise in resource allocation and schedule management.
Enthusiastic with years of experience and well-developed administrative skills, including bookkeeping and scheduling.
Career-minded individual with talents in handling routine administrative tasks, including preparing reports, taking messages
and sorting and routing mail. Comfortable working in fast-paced, demanding office environment. Meticulous and
systematic Administrative Assistant skilled in organizing, planning and managing daily clerical needs. Bringing solid
expertise in coordinating documents, reports and records, handling correspondence and managing deliveries. Skilled in
oral and written communication, team leadership and relationship-building.



Skills

    Memo preparation                                             Organization and efficiency
    Sensitive material handling                                  Operational processes
    Timeline Planning and Management                             Self-starter
    Excel spreadsheets                                           Deadline-oriented
    PC proficient                                                Understands grammar
    Proofreading                                                 Flexible



Experience

ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT   | 10/2011 to 12/2020
Delaware County Community College - Downingtown, PA
    Directed customer communication to appropriate department personnel and offered information to resolve inquiries,
    boosting customer satisfaction.
    Greeted visitors or callers daily to handle inquiries or direct to appropriate persons.
    Conducted research using various media sources to obtain relevant data for staff requirements.


TEACHER  | 09/1973 to 06/2011
West Chester Area School District - West Chester, PA
    Established and enforced rules for behavior and procedures for maintaining order among class of 120 students.
    Taught students in various stages of cognitive, linguistic, social and emotional development.
    Established positive relationships with students, parents, fellow teachers and school administrators.
    Attended and participated in department staff meetings to brainstorm ideas.
    Modeled lesson planning strategies and classroom management techniques to student teachers.
    Interacted with parents, teachers to maintain productive communication throughout program participation.
    Monitored student progress using exams and assignments to check for thorough understanding.




    Employed wide variety of fiction and non-fiction textual materials to encourage students to read independently.
    Differentiated instruction according to student ability and skill level.
    Created and implemented developmentally-appropriate curriculum which addressed individual learning styles.
    Tested students with quizzes, essays and exams to gauge learning effectiveness.
    Designed compelling lesson plans focused on literature and writing learning goals for level classes.
    Collaborated with other staff members to plan and schedule lessons promoting learning and student engagement.
    Motivated students to be more engaged in classes through applying positive reinforcement techniques.
    Applied proactive behavior management techniques to facilitate classroom discipline.
    Assisted fellow teachers with assignments, special projects, tests, administrative updates and grading as needed.
    Selected and implemented interesting and interactive learning media to increase student understanding of course
    materials.
    Taught students fundamental building blocks and advanced concepts.
    Implemented remedial programs for students requiring extra assistance.
    Created assignments and tests to evaluate student knowledge.
    Met with parents and guardians to discuss student progress and increase participation for comprehensive and
    long-term student success.
    Introduced and encouraged debate-style classroom setting to increase student active participation and critical
    thinking.
    Created tests and assignments to evaluate student knowledge


ADJUNCT INSTRUCTOR    | 09/1997 to 05/2011
Delaware County Community College - Downingtown, PA
    Sourced appropriate course materials to support variety of student learning needs and styles and deliver content in
    relevant, distinctive ways.
    Collaborated with faculty and academic administrators to discuss and implement curriculum changes.
    Advised and mentored undergraduate students to promote success and academic progress.
    Created lesson plans and developed instructional materials covering required topics and learning objectives.
    Developed quizzes, exams and assignments to measure student progress and comprehension.
    Created and implemented course agenda, lesson plans and activities to meet course objectives.
    Facilitated group discussions, encouraging students to address class concepts to increase understanding.
    Distributed and posted course syllabus and answered student questions regarding standards, material, grading and
    progression at beginning of semester.
    Lectured and communicated effectively with students from diverse backgrounds.
    Integrated multimedia technology in classroom instruction for well-rounded and engaging approach to instruction.
    Used variety of teaching methods such as lectures, discussions and demonstrations.


GED INSTRUCTOR   | 09/1995 to 05/2001
Chester County Intermediate Unit - Coatesville, PA
    Helped students succeed through coaching, mentoring and positive reinforcement.
    Mentored and tutored individual students struggling to understand lecture objectives.
    Taught concepts found on standardized tests and built necessary support skills to help students perform well.
    Provided small group and classroom instruction to 30 students.
    Selected curriculum and developed lesson plans based on class needs.
    Incorporated diverse technologies to help students feel engaged in material.
    Built relationships with students of all cultural, social and economic backgrounds.
    Tracked individual student progress and adjusted teaching methods to improve understanding of material.
    Completed documentation and maintained files.
    Performed skills evaluations to uncover students' areas of interest and competencies.
    Helped students build useful skills such as writing proficiency and reading comprehension.
    Stayed abreast of changes to field, available technologies and improved instructional strategies.


EVENING SITE COORDINATOR     | 01/1995 to 05/2000
Adult Night School - West Chester, PA




    Managed all activities for team members.
    Provided informative reports to management as requeste
    Managed event staff scheduling and coordination to ensure continuous coverage.
    Conducted informed consent presentations and maintained documentation.


BASEBALL COACH    | 03/1985 to 05/1995
West Chester Area School District - West Chester, PA
    Verified scoring calculations and tracked player statistics.
    Managed special banquets, ceremonies and events.
    Demonstrated correct game play and citizenship behaviors.
    Conducted practices with conditioning, placement of players on defense, batting, bunting, base running and sliding.
    Inspected baseball sporting equipment and examined participants before play, complying with event and safety
    regulations.
    Attended staff training and continuing education workshops to remain current with league expectations.
    Maintained standards of play by following established baseball rules.
    Held weekly practices to train and condition players.
    Devised and implemented successful game strategies.
    Provided one-on-one coaching on unique requirements of each position.
    Monitored safety of training, individual exercises and equipment usage to avoid sports injuries and damage to facility.
    Supervised academic progress of student-athletes and arranged tutoring for those with falling grades.
    Oversaw rigorous practice sessions to enhance individual skills and team gameplay.
    Ran drills and fitness circuits to improve athletes' coordination and skills.
    Prepared athletes for games with well-coordinated schedule of practices and individual training.
    Encouraged athletes to engage in good sportsmanship with competitors on and off field.
    Checked equipment and monitored common areas to maintain neatness, organization and proper upkeep while
    remaining vigilant on safety.
    Observed consistent program of stretching and proper conditioning in effort to reduce injuries.



Education and Training

University Of Miami - Miami, FL | Bachelor of Arts
English, 05/1971


Cheyney University Of Pennsylvania - Cheyney, PA | Master of Arts
Education, 05/1973
Participated In Government Teacher Corps/ Peace Corps program where I was a teacher in Sierra Leone, West Africa for
two years.

