
ADNAN            GHEMRAWI                                               Al Ahsa - Saudi Arabia (Lebanese)
                                                                                     00966549572122
PROJECT ENGINEER                                                          adnan.ghemrawi@hotmail.com




PROFESSIONAL            Experienced Project Engineer with over Nine years of experience in construction field
SUMMARY                 (construction and Mechanical Testing and pre-commissioning). Excellent reputation
                        for resolving problems and improving customer satisfaction. Self-motivated and can
                        work effectively in team or individual situations, have excellent communication
                        skills, hard worker and can handle multiple projects and activities simultaneously.
                        Seeking for a job in the field of engineering where my interpersonal, leadership and
                        communication skills can be applied and further developed.

SKILLS                  Mechanical engineering                 Complex & Technical problem solving
                        Hydrotest and Mechanical Pre-          Microsoft Office: Word, Excel, Power
                        Commissioning                          Point, Outlook
                        Project Management                     AutoCAD
                        Communication Management               Scheduling (MS Projects)
                        On-site inspections                    Arabic, English, French
                        Component functions and testing
                        requirements

WORK HISTORY            Project Engineer * The C.A.T. Group
                        Haradh, Al Ahsa, Saudi Arabia * January 2015 to Current
                           ? Have Extensive background in Saudi Aramco safety & quality standards related
                             to construction and hydrotest of mechanical piping/pipeline/valves.
                           ? Attend project planning meetings to coordinate mechanical construction and
                             testing activities with civil, electrical, quality control and safety teams, mitigate
                             design conflicts, and coordinate delivery timelines.
                           ? Complete mechanical construction and hydrostatic test (pre-commissioning) of
                             oil & gas well heads (pipeline), flow lines, cross-country trunk lines, remote
                             headers, gas gathering manifolds and tie-ins to gas plants and GOSP (gas and
                             oil separation plants) for Saudi Aramco.
                           ? Conduct Hydrotesting of valves of different types and sizes and classes
                           ? Monitor construction, hydrotest and pre-commissioning processes to identify
                             areas for improvement and implemented plans to achieve projects completion
                             ahead of schedule and under budget with respect to quality and safety
                             requirements.
                           ? Perform quality drawing checks to confirm safe, compliant, and cost-effective
                             design criteria.
                           ? Support procurement and services cost quotations by providing estimates of
                             required testing equipment, material, and labor costs.
                           ? Write and revise construction and testing procedures, JSA and method
                             statements.
                           ? Confer with facility engineers to implement operating procedures, resolve
                             system problems, and provide technical information.
                           ? Provide technical guidance, peer review and mentorship to junior engineers
                             engaged in the construction and testing work.
                           ? Interview Saudi Aramco Project Management Team and operations to gather
                             design information, translating technical data into actionable metrics for




                             engineering projects, and submitting technical queries.
                           ? Complete the construction and hydrotest of many projects: New gas, oil and
                             water injection wells, gas remote headers, HUGRS (Hawiyah Unaizah gas
                             reservoir storage) project, Hawiyah and Tinat Gas Gathering Manifolds
                             enhancement projects, Khuff Gas project, Haradh Satellite field project,
                             Expansion and upgrade of existing gas remote headers and oil and water
                             manifolds.

                        Application Engineer/Technical Sales Support Engineer * Zamil AC
                        Dammam, Saudi Arabia * October 2013 to December 2014
                           ? Developed proposals and pricing for large- and small-scale manufacturing
                             products.
                           ? Used E-select and AirCalc to prepare technical drawings, specifications and
                             cost estimates of AC products and services.
                           ? Maintained effective customer relationships and identified future business
                             opportunities to support and strengthen corporation mission.
                           ? Partnered with development team on product development, application support
                             plans and prototype programs.

                        Mechanical Engineer (Trainee) * Zmerly & Co.
                        Tripoli, Lebanon * February 2013 to July 2013
                           ? Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency
                             and productivity.
                           ? Carried out day-day-day duties accurately and efficiently.
                           ? Demonstrated respect, friendliness, and willingness to help wherever needed.
                           ? Participated in continuous improvement by generating suggestions, engaging
                             in problem-solving activities to support teamwork.
                           ? Actively listened to customers' requests, confirming full understanding before
                             addressing concerns then escalated major issues to supervisor.

EDUCATION               PMP 速  - Project Management Professional * Project Management Institute PMI 速
                        Saudi Arabia * October 2020

                        Master's - Mechanical Engineering * Lebanese University
                        Lebanon * July 2013

                        High School Diploma *  Official High School (Lebanon * June 2008)

AWARDS                  - 2016 Till Now - Appreciation & Recognition Certificates for the completion of work
                        on time with compliance to safety & quality requirements (20+ EA) - The CAT group,
                        Saudi Aramco PMT, Saudi Aramco Operations.
                        - Jun 2022 - Revit - Order of Engineers - Tripoli, Lebanon - Online
                        - Jan 2022 - MS Project - Order of Engineers - Tripoli, Lebanon - Online
                        - Apr 2021 - Creative Problem Solving - University of Minnesota thru Coursera.com -
                        Online
                        - Mar 2021 - OSH-30 Hours Training Based on OSHA Compliance: General Industry -
                        The CAT group - Area HSE Department
                        - Oct 2020 - Project Management Professional PMP 速 - PMI 速
                        - Feb 2016 - Bolt Torquing Training Certificate - Hydratight (theoretical & Practical)

INTERESTS               Reading, Swimming, Camping

