
Stacey L. Alms
3913 Michael John Drive Swansea, IL  62226
(618) 277-3144
(618) 978-7114 (Mobile)
staceyalms@yahoo.com

Objective:
To obtain a challenging position that utilizes my skills and expertise.

Experience:
CACI-CMS International, Inc.		O'Fallon/Scott AFB, IL
Sep 2004 - Present
Functional Analyst
Organizes and maintains a broad technical and management
electronic and hard copy library for a major defense
acquisition program.  Works directly with customer to
collect, translate, and store program documentation in
multiple electronic formats.  Manages the input and output
of a document management system, Logbook.
Works with the documents management development team to
ensure program requirements are met by the tool in use.
Provides user training to customer and team members for
web-based tool used to manage program documentation.
Provides troubleshooting assistance to customer and team
members with web-based tool as well (MS Sharepoint 2007).
Responsible for setting up documentation management areas
in web-based tool for individual teams allowing members to
collaborate remotely on documentation.
Responsible for creating and updating Logbook fields and
lists to accommodate dynamic records management
responsibilities.  Responsible for managing Logbook
accounts for DEAMS program.  Worked closely with program
leadership team to establish deams.org portal and create
training guides for using the portal.
Responsible for maintaining documentation associated with
deams.org portal as well as accounts,
privileges, new lists and groups, and daily project control updates.

Federated Software Group (FSG)		O'Fallon/Scott AFB, IL
Sep 2002 - Sep 2004
Senior Information Engineer
Demonstrated professional expertise in supporting HQ AMC
Program Management office by utilizing commercial word
processing and graphics programs to build and assemble
training documents, and on-line help manuals and system
tests.  Performed technical writing, prepared contract
deliverables for program management, and created/updated
charts to track project status and finances.
Tested and trouble shot beta software prior to field
release.  Worked independently with little supervision and
direction while applying principles of
excellent judgment and initiative in problem solving.

Federated Software Group (FSG)    O'Fallon/Scott AFB, IL
Dec 2000 - Oct 2002
Technical Writer
Demonstrated professional expertise in supporting the
USTRANSCOM J6 Program Management office by performing
technical writing, preparing contract deliverables for
program management, tracking the delivery of contract
deliverables, to include finalizing/inspecting contract
deliverables for contract standards and compliance,
assisting in maintaining the requirements database for
Single Mobility System, creating and maintaining the
requirements database for Single Mobility System, and
training for Single Mobility System.
Responsible for helping users troubleshoot Single Mobility
System.  Utilize commercial word processing and graphics
programs to build and assemble government deliverables, and
assist in developing training documentation and lesson
plans.  A strong team player that works independently with
limited supervision and direction while applying principles
of excellent judgment and initiative in problem solving.

Unisys Corporation    Fairview Heights, IL
Documentation Specialist
May 1996 - Dec 2000
Demonstrated professional expertise in supporting the
USTRANSCOM J6 Program Management office by performing
technical writing, preparing contract deliverables for
program management, tracking the delivery of contract
deliverables, to include finalizing/inspecting contract
deliverables for contract standards and compliance,
collecting and analyzing metric information, reconciling
monthly invoices, assisting in maintaining the requirements
database for Single Mobility System, creating and
maintaining user accounts for both Logbook and Single
Mobility System.  Also responsible for providing contract
briefing presentations, charts, graphs, and tables to task
lead and program managers.  Supported development of all
contracts by preparing correspondence, schedules, and
coordinating travel for team members attending training,
customer sites and corporate visits.
Involved in processing improvements and responsible for
streamlining administrative procedures in office area for
software projects such as Logbook and Single Mobility
System.  Responsible for utilizing commercial word
processing and graphics programs to build and assemble
government deliverables.  Assisted in developing training
documentation and lesson plans.
Efficiently used commercial automated word processing,
graphics, and desktop publishing systems (i.e.
Microsoft Word, Power Point) to create and improve the
quality and usability of presentation and deliverable
documents.  Assisted management in researching government
and industry standards to build a variety of plans, general
contract administration, contracts, proposals, and other contractual documents.

Skills:
Windows 95, 98, 2000 Professional, XP, Vista
Adobe Acrobat
Adobe Professional
Adobe Photoshop
Microsoft Project
Microsoft Excel
Microsoft Office
Microsoft PowerPoint
Microsoft Outlook
Microsoft Sharepoint 2007
Word Perfect

Education:
BS Management/Computer Information Systems
Park University
Parkville, Mo
June 2002

MA Leadership & Management - High Tech Emphasis - Management Info Systems
Walden University
Minneapolis, MN
Four classes remaining