
Antonian Liddell


Antonian Liddell, CCISO, CISSP, CISM, CEH, CRISC
12202 Crestwood Ave. South
Brandywine, MD 20613
301.814.1311 --- aliddell2k@gmail.com

CAREER PROFILE
Accomplished IT professional with proven technical and leadership abilities in both military and
private sector. Expert at building and leading teams, providing strategic vision and possesses
stellar communication skills with the essential ability to put a positive spin on nearly any
difficult communication and drive those involved to the desired result. Seeking a leadership
opportunity in the areas of cybersecurity, information technology and engineering.
AREAS OF STRENGTH AND EXPERTISE
    *      Extraordinary attention to detail from military experience
    *      Extensive network management
    *      Windows Operating Systems/Solaris/Red Hat Linux/MAC OSX/CISCO router configuration
    *      Information Assurance Officer (IAO)/Information Assurance Manager (IAM)
    *      Experience with Vulnerability Assessment tools (DISA Gold Disk, DISA SRR, SECSCN, and ACAS)
    *      Hands-on experience with DISA Security Technical Implementation Guides (STIG)
    *      Information Systems Security Officer (ISSO)/Information Systems Security Manager (ISSM)
    *      Experienced with NIST Risk Management Framework (RMF)
    *      Familiar with DCID 6/3, DITSCAP, NISCAP, JFAN 6/3, NISPOM 6/3, CNSSI 1253, NIST SP
      800-53/53A/30/37, ICD 503, and DIACAP
    *      Performing Security Control Assessments with CSAM v3
    *      Experience using The Department of Labor Computer Security Handbook 5.0

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
U.S. Department of Interior
Chief Technology Officer/Chief Information Technology Branch            February, 2016 to present
Responsible for:
   *      Preparation and execution of technology management to include: enterprise architecture, capital
   planning and investment control (CPIC), information technology acquisition; security management
   (system accreditation and certification, access control, and compliance); telecommunications
   management (network security and optimization, bill auditing and analysis, and wireless
   communication); inventory and asset management (tracking and accounting of information resources
   and equipment); strategic planning (development and redesign of the organization's IT work
   processes); Project management (monitoring project scope, schedule, and budget targets); and IT
   career/skills management (developing standards and training requirements for IT professionals).
   *      Management of large, complex network which includes cost benefit analysis and total cost of
   ownership and capacity studies; ensuring routine schemas are established and followed; ensuring
   established security practices are followed; overseeing the development of contingency and
   recovery plans; ensuring directory services and domain name services are maintained; ensuring
   intranet, Internet, and /or extranet gateways are provided; and ensuring the operation and
   maintenance of networks that will support the Bureau's mission requirements.
   *      Direction and oversight of technical support team to the OSMRE headquarters and field
   organizations, tribes, and the States; develops, maintains, and implements a Bureau plan for
   ongoing IT security awareness training.
   *      Providing professional leadership and direction for a broad, coordinated network services
   program. Plans, manages, and evaluates all aspects of the OSMRE network services program
   including overseeing the development of all OSMRE network services policy and procedures;
   managing the design of the network architecture, evaluating and defining infrastructure
   requirements, selecting hardware components, assembling and managing multi-disciplinary teams for
   network implementation planning, installation, and testing.


U.S. Department of Labor      February, 2015 to February, 2016
Chief Cyber/Information Systems Security Engineer

   *      Served as a principal advisor to the Director of the Division of IT Security on IT security
   policy implementation, technical oversight of the ETA information security program, ongoing
   security operations, technical subject matter expert in information security and web application
   security framework
   *      Oversaw enforcement of ETA security standards, policies, procedures and directives. Serve as
   principal expert for ETA IT system security engineering (ISSE) process.
   *      Provided security guidance & oversight to all phases of system development life cycle (SDLC)
   security requirements analysis, security architecture, design, implementation, & technical
   security testing.
   *      Kept organation in compliance thorough my understanding & working knowledge of Federal IT
   Security Management Act (FISMA), Office of Management and Budget (OMB) requirements, policies,
   National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), Special Publication (SP) 800 Series, and
   Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP).

Contract Roles (project management driven responsibilities)      April, 2008 - February, 2015
PSI, Cyberspace Solutions, IBM and SAIC - Positions held:

PSI
Senior Cyber Security Analyst
    *      Supporting FEMA with the development of security documentation to complete A&A packages.
    *      Performed and documented IA Control compliance assessments for GSS and Major Application
      systems, and Initiate and review artifacts in compliance with NIST RMF process
    *      Responsible for completing meeting minutes and prepares other documents as required by the
      assigned Team Lead. Also, responsible for completing tasks as assigned and on schedule,
      providing SME support to the project for developing accreditation package deliverables.
      Analysts will perform quality assurance reviews of A&A artifacts and identify discrepancies in
      work.

Cyberspace Solutions
Information Assurance Engineer for the Department of Labor (TEKSystems)
    *      Executed Authorization & Accreditation (A&A) activities and assisted in developing processes
      and procedures for conducting certifications and/or system-level information system
      evaluations.
    *      Developed and presented both technical information presentations to non-technical audiences at
      all levels within the organization.
    *      Ensured that all IT system security controls were in place and functioning properly in
      accordance with NIST SP 800-53A and conducted and evaluated/analyzed vulnerability scans from
      automated tools.
    *      Assisted with external/internal audits for designated systems and supported the client's
      mission needs as required.
    *      Conducted orientation meetings with Senior Department of Labor OCFO Officials to discuss rules
      of engagement for the assessments and documents of all findings in the CSAM v3 database.

Project Manager/Senior Information Systems Security Engineer
    *      Ensured compliance with the NAVINTEL IA Intelligence Community Directive (ICD-503)
      Transformational Certification and Accreditation (C&A) Process and Risk Management Framework.
    *      Ensured the security compliance of servers and workstations of multiple operating systems
      (i.e., Red Hat Linux, Windows 7, and MAC OSX) using manual application of all security
      controls and tracking all work using the XACTA tool.
    *      Applied ISSE and Information Assurance (IA) principles, in accordance with current DoD and
      Intelligence Community Security directives, policies, regulations, guidance, security
      technical implementation guides (STIGs) and industry security best practices, into the
      Software/System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) process.




IBM
Senior Systems Engineer
 *      Served as the data security/privacy expert on Federal projects to ensure that security/privacy
      requirements were adhered to throughout the project lifecycle.
 *      Ensured compliance with Federal and commercial laws (e.g., Federal Information Security
      Management Act (FISMA), Privacy Act, HIPAA/HITECH), Federal and commercial regulations and
      guidance (e.g., NIST, FISMA, OMB).
 *      Implemented security controls in large-scale application development efforts and ERPs and on
      short duration consulting engagements.
 *      Prepared draft Security Test and Evaluation plans.

SAIC

Lead Information Systems Security Engineer (C&A)

 *      Served as the senior level security professional providing security system engineering support to
      the Program Management Office (PMO).
 *      Led the accomplishment of information security responsibilities by establishing policy and
      procedures regarding physical access controls, security measures, classification and
      safeguarding of controlled information rules and supported the engineering of IT solutions to
      meet security requirements.
 *      Provided oversight for network protection for NGA sites and systems and supported and maintained
      the accreditations for all NGA sites and systems through the DoD Information Assurance
      Certification and Accreditation Process (DIACAP) and ensured the sites and systems were
      operating within acceptable level of risk

U.S. Navy                              Proudly served U.S. Navy Active Duty from 1988 - 2008

During my tenure in the U.S. Navy, I served in the areas of:

Joint Deployable Information Systems Support (JDISS) as Team Lead
Navy Information Operation Command (IAM/ISSM)


EDUCATION


Masters of Science in Systems Engineering - The George Washington University
Bachelors of Science in Information Systems & Security Resource Management - Columbia Union College

PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS/CERTIFICATIONS
Certified Chief Information Security Officer (CCISO)
Certified Information Security Manager (CISM)
Certified Information System Security Professional (CISSP)
Certified In Risk and Information Systems Control (CRISC)
Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH)
Certified UNIX/Linux Administrator
Certified CompTIA Security+ Technician
Certified CompTIA Network+ Technician

References available upon request