
MEMORY AHMED




SUMMARY

Experienced and results-driven with over 10 years Ericsson experience in
reporting, data analysis, RPA/automation, supply chain and project
management. Seeking a leadership position; where I can use my skills and
abilities to make significant contribution toward the achievement of
company goals. Strengths: Quick-learner, very strong analyzing ability,
worked effectively with users and management in team environment.



EDUCATION AND TRAINING                                                           CONTACT
                                                                                 Address : 1921 Three Fountains Rd.   Wylie,
BS Degree, Business Finance, 08/2007                                             TX 75098
The University of Texas At Dallas - Dallas                                       Phone :  (214) 836-3716
                                                                                 Email: memory.ahmed1981@gmail.com



EXPERIENCE                                                                       SKILLS
Business Finance Manager   , 11/2021- Current
Samsung Mobile -   Plano, TX                                                      * SAP, RPA, UIpath, Word, Excel,
                                                                                    PowerPoint, and Sales force
* Manage day to day marketing and sales expenditures for the Company,             * A/P and A/R
supporting policy guidelines and Company strategies, reviewing sales and          * Auditing, SOX
marketing programs, performing contract content review, and resolving             * GAAP Accounting
complex financial and accounting issues across various departments.
* Responsible for detailed expenditure tracking, payment processing,
budget/actual analysis, and other various in-depth analyses reporting.

Project Finance Manager  , 07/2018 -11/2021
Ericsson Inc - Plano , TX

* Manages operational financials in a cross functional Project Financial
Management team within Ericsson North America.
* Responsible for project setup to project closure in SAP according to AD09
and SOX compliance policies. Analyze project financials and drive revenue
recognition on projects carried out by the project managers based on
percentage of completion and customer acceptance of Ericsson products
and services. Additionally, upon requests from the project managers,
approved invoices to bill customers based on contracts tied to the
projects.
* Using excel models, tracks, and reviews billing milestone on a monthly,
quarterly, and annual basis; and requesting approval from the VP of
Operations to move billing dates to improve cash flow and invoice greater
than 90% of the unbilled back-log.




* Manage planned vs actual cost and handled budget updates according to
rules and guidelines.
* Improved process by testing data for FMS solution (Billing and Rev rec)
and Site tracker solution. In addition, SME for running BOT to automate
various projects with Automation team (Uipath platform). Answer all CPM,
PFM, PC inquiries the day of receipt Capabilities.
* Proficient with Excel (VLookup), Pivot table, Outlook, Word and SAP P12
and EBW and BOT and UIPATH, Site Tracker and Sales Force.

Supply Project Manager  , 12/2016 - 06/2018
Ericsson Inc - Plano, TX

*Enhanced supply chain processes, audit and manage (SSUI) logistics 3rd
party vendor. Check/input cost allocation/baseline dates/ taxes and
duties on invoices.
* Reconciles processed work by verifying entries and comparing system
reports to balances.
* Verifies vendor accounts by reconciling monthly statements and related
transactions.
* Creates Vendor PO in MUS/SAP/Resolve all AP/AR issues on daily basis;
providing discipline and industry expertise to assist with Process
Improvement Initiatives.
* Accomplishes accounting and organization mission by completing
related results as needed. Saved over 100k on investigating UPS
accounts/late fees.

Project Finance Analyst, 06/2014 - 12/2016
Ericsson Inc - Plano, TX

Analyze project financials and drive invoicing and triggers revenue
recognition on projects carried out by the project managers based on
percentage of completion and customer acceptance of Ericsson products
and services. Additionally, upon requests from the project managers,
approved invoices to bill customers based on contracts tied to the
projects. Manage planned vs actual cost and handled budget updates
according to rules and guidelines.

Supply Chain Analyst
10/2012 - 05/2014
Ericsson Inc - Plano, TX

* Responsible for order entry. Receives, confirm, and follow up on
customer purchase orders, sales orders
and projects within SAP.
* Created Sales Order/WBS and monitor and close outstanding
order/project issues, handle and execute order change requests.
* Ensured delivery of purchase order from the suppliers to agree location
and acts on order deviations (new delivery dates from suppliers, new
delivery plans from customers).
* Worked with finance to add quote to cash form including adding accrual
lines and release lines upon finance approval.
*Participated in Six Sigma Specialist Projects to effect process
improvement.

Financial Analyst
10/2009 - 06/2010
JP Morgan Chase,  Addison, TX
* Experienced in preparing, reading, and analyzing financial statement
information to make business decisions in accordance with US GAAP




* Assessed the quality of financial statements and made necessary
adjustments to various financial statement items.
* Analyzed Credit Ratios, Financial Statements, and P&L information.




REFERENCES

Upon request,

Patricia Mao
Lead Project Controller
972-583-0000

Debbie Wafford
Head of Delivery Management
972-583-0000
Ericsson, Plano TX




INTERESTS

Active member at Asian Connections at Ericsson (ACE) ERG: Organized
cultural events, festivals, inter-group sport events and arranged monthly
meetings.

