
Bianca Patel
9142 Bell Rock Place, Land O Lakes FL 34638

(813)-841-6483 biancapatel.05@gmail.com
CAREER OVERVIEW
In my work experience, previous employment positions have all required
cash handling experience, customer service experience, secretarial
/receptionist skills, HR skills, and marketing skills. In the four years
I have been employed, I have excelled in my positions and therefore
promoted twice giving me managerial experience.

SKILLS HIGHLIGHTS
My career skills include: computer literacy (i.e. Microsoft Word, Excel,
PowerPoint, brief web design, and marketing experience); I possess over 4
years of management skills, cash handling experience, customer service
experience, conflict resolution, quality assurance, and management of a
team of employees. I have a high proficiency with and great knowledge of
AML Compliance and other related financial laws and regulations.

EXPERIENCE
The customer interface of my experience involves processing all cash and
credit transactions, assisting with store operations, product and
promotional knowledge. I have had the opportunity in every position I
have held, to develop great client relations and also vendor relations.
In all of my previous positions, I was responsible for administering all
points of sales operations and executing secretarial and receptionist
tasks; I have had the pleasure of compiling inventory lists, working hand
in hand with vendors for product pricing and product orders. I have also
had the pleasure of being able to assist in store and business analysis;
viewing business trends internally and externally for individual stores.

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Service Supervisor Manager/Receiving Manager: David's Bridal- Spring
Hill/Tampa, FL::November 2012- Present
     As a Service Supervisor, I am responsible for preparing the store
     for daily business, i.e. opening registers, corresponding with
     district managers and preparing employees for the opening and
     closing of business. I also perform many HR tasks, i.e. payroll,
     scheduling, and correspondence. As a receiving manager, I am
     responsible for all inbound and outbound shipments and the
     processing of such shipments.

Customer Service Representative: David's Bridal- Tampa, FL::November
2011- September 2012
     As a Customer Service Representative (CSR), my responsibilities
     primarily ensuring the customer received an exception experience; if
     a customer did not receive such an experience, it was my job to
     correct the situation. I processed transactions and assisted
     customers will all of their inquiries.

Swing Manager: McDonald's- Hudson, FL::April 2009- April 2011
As a swing manager, I was responsible for managing employees; delegating
tasks to them to ensure our store ran smoothly and efficiently. I
developed exceptional time management skills to ensure the tasks were
completed by their deadlines. I was responsible for customer service,
quality assurance, conflict resolution, cleanliness, and always promoting
the company.
EDUCATION
Land O Lakes High School::Land O Lakes, FL
I graduated from Land O Lakes High School in May of 2010. I graduated
high school Magna Cum Laude, 13th in my class and a grade point average
of 3.83. I graduated high school with honors from multiple honor
societies; National Honors Society, National English Honors Society, and
National Spanish Honors Society.

REFERENCES
References are available upon request.