
Alexandra Hayes!
331-302-2626 | | Amvandenorth98@gmail.com | Fort Campbell North, KY 42223!
SUMMARY!
Motivated supervisor focused on streamlining service procedures and maximizing team
efficiency. Consistent in satisfying customers, building loyalty and driving retention processes.
Demonstrates effective judgment in balancing customer, employee and company objectives.!
SKILLS!
Leadership!
Goal-oriented!
Process improvement!
Processes and procedures!
Complaint resolution!
Personnel management!

Mentoring and coaching!
Sales tactics!
Team building!
Communications!
Supervision!
Team management!
EXPERIENCE!
Supervisor, AAFES, October 2019-Current !
Fort Campbell North, KY!
Complied with company policies, objectives and communication goals.!
Established and enforced clear goals to keep employees working collaboratively.!
Established and maintained operating schedules to provide effective coverage for key areas
and achieve objectives.!
Coordinated with internal departments to maximize operational efficiency across production
and administrative areas.!
Resolved customer complaints and adjusted policies to meet changing needs.!
Provided ongoing training to address staff needs.!
Built and maintained effective relationships with peers and upper management to drive team
success toward common sales, service and operational goals.!
Retained product, service and company policy knowledge to serve as resource for both
coworkers and customers.!
Answered incoming telephone calls to provide information about products, services, store
hours, policies and promotions.!
Answered questions about current promotions and resolved issues according to store policies.!
Drove sales by effectively upselling and cross-selling products to maximize profitability.!
Stocked, replenished and organized inventory, completing tasks necessary to improve
workflow.!
U.S Navy, Boatswains Mate, July 2017-December 2018 !
Great Lakes, IL!
Took targeted mandates and created actionable plans.!
Created and revised systems and procedures by analyzing operating practices and
recordkeeping systems.!
Coordinated employee recruitment, performance evaluation and termination activities.!
Strengthened traceability by developing organization systems for contracts, records, reports
and agendas.!
Answered and routed telephone calls and took messages.!
Installed, fit, cleaned and repaired external and internal equipment on tanks, including valves,
caps, hoses, pumps and gaskets.!
Operated pressure pumps according to manufacturer specifications and safety rules.!




Performed root cause analysis of problems, documented faults in tracking system and
generated daily reports.!
Cleaned, repaired and installed tank equipment, such as gaskets and internal and external
valves.!
Team Member, Chick Fil A, August 2015-August 2016 !
Oswego, IL!
Organized ingredients and restocked supplies to prepare for busy periods.!
Closely adhered to food safety and sanitation procedures established by company and
regulatory agencies.!
Sanitized and kept work areas tidy by cleaning surfaces, equipment and floors, maintaining
standards.!
Stored perishable food items in freezer or refrigerator to protect food from spoilage.!
EDUCATION AND TRAINING!
High School Diploma !
Oswego High School, , Oswego, IL May 2017!
Track and field and cross country member!