
Darlene Dobbins CPhT
     21508 Grindstone Branch Road
     H: 276.466.5728
     Bristol, VA 24202
     ddobbins@bvunet.net                                           C:
     276.791.2925

Qualifications Summary

Quality Assurance Lab Professional/CPhT with extensive experience in
Office Administration, and in Quality, Inspection, FDA regulations, and
Current Good Manufacturing Practices in a pharmaceutical manufacturing
environment, who brings significant value to the organization through
communication skills, successful interaction with other departments,
dependability, organization, planning, follow-through, teamwork, and
exceptional detail orientation. The employee has strong work ethics,
exceptional problem solving abilities, able to multi task in high
pressure environment with changing priorities and short deadlines,
strives for perfection by showing attention to detail to all duties
performed and has excellent organizational, verbal and written
communication skills, and has successful interaction with other
departments. The employee brings value to the organization through team
work and a desire to promote growth by looking for process improvements
and ways to save unnecessary expenditures, also, performs duties with
urgency while striving for 100% accuracy.

Areas of Expertise Include:
* FDA Regulations
* Internal and External Audits
* Global Pack Management (AGILE)
* Training of associates
* Maintenance of Files and Specification Sheets
* Aseptic Sampling
* Lab Testing Procedures and Equipment

* Systems Application Products (SAP)
* Laboratory Information System (LIMS)
* Lean Sigma
* Robotic Proofreader System Administrator
* Warehouse Experience
* Record Keeping
* Artwork and Specifications
* Office Administration

Professional Experience

Current Professional Position- March 2010-present-Temporary Grant
Position
Northeast State Community College
Admissions Clerk Admissions and Records Office, (2010-present)
Prepare files for the imaging process, using new Banner Document
Management software program. Implement the process of scanning student
records and files. Analyze scanned documents for accuracy and clarity.
Maintain database for scanned documents. Ensure proper documentation and
integrity of scanned documents. Adhere to policies, procedures, and
quality controls in relation to electronic imaging. Train other personal
on the Banner Document Management software. Maintain student records
using Banner computing system. Perform clerical duties associated with
the Admissions and Records Office. Assist with orientation, registration,
graduation, and other events. Federal Funded Grant Position Expires in
2011.


Darlene Dobbins         Professional Experience (Cont.)

GlaxoSmithKline
Senior Quality Assurance Sampler/Inspector Raw Materials Lab,
(2003-2008)
Sampled all raw materials, labeling, and packaging components, logged all
raw materials into LIMS and deliver to Lab for testing.  Inspected,
conducted testing, validated, approved, and/or rejected all labeling
and packaging components, Logged into LIMS and SAP.  Retrieved
Certificates of Analysis and other information from vendors and solve
issues with materials.  Generated samples, approved/and or rejected
Labels.  Maintained current and historical files for authentic specimens,
packaging specification sheets, approved and rejected paperwork for
packaging components.  Charged with responsibility for storage and
inventory within LIMS of all raw material and finished product reserve
samples. Collected microbiological water samples weekly throughout the
Bristol plant site, using aseptic sampling technique and prepared samples
for shipping to outside laboratory.  Annually collected microbiological
samples of raw materials finished product and prepared for shipping to
outside laboratory.  Frequently reviewed and
updated departmental operating procedures.  Initiated and completed
change controls, investigations, and rejections. Assisted with necessary
sampling and information for FDA on-site visits, inspections, and other
audits.  Transported materials from warehouse location to sampling area
using powered industrial truck (Class A Operator).  Proof read all
labeling using Robotic Proof Reader.

   * Implemented X-Press Mini Robotic Proof Reader within a four week
     timeframe that met year-end QMS objectives.  Self taught operation
     through reading manual.  Helped write operating procedures and was
     named Administrator.
   * Archived Master Artwork from Global Pack Management into Database of
     Proof Reader.  Received training, addressed difficulty of working
     with RTP GSK site to get outserts in time to Archive for production
     needs, and provided training to coworkers.
   * Received Impact Award for detecting an error on an Arabic outsert
     during the proof reading process, which prevented a costly recall.

GlaxoSmithKline
Packager, (1982-2003)
Conducted inspections and  weighed product.  Implemented problem solving
when needed.  Followed FDA regulations, employed Current Good
Manufacturing Practices (CGMPs), and practiced good safety techniques.
Operated high speed computer automated packaging equipment. Trouble shoot
problems with equipment for mechanic (when mechanic was not available)
and fixed minor problems of equipment such as threading on of labeling
rolls on labeler, adjusting cappers, fillers, shrink wraps, strip packs
ect after jams. Trained new employees on packaging lines. Filled in as
Line Lead- scheduling of lines for daily production needs, routine end of
line quality checks per SLOP (standard local operating procedures)
inspected and signed off on production lines after major and minor clean
ups and assisted production personal and Supervisor with production
needs.

* Pursued and attained Associates Degree in order to secure a position
  within Quality Assurance Department.  Sought and received senior
  management approval for tuition reimbursement.  Worked third and
  rotating shifts in order to attend classes


Darlene Dobbins         Professional Experience (Cont.)


Education

Associate of Science University Parallel, Magna cum Laude

Member, Phi Theta Kappa Society
CPhT- Certified Pharmacy Technician        Certification Number
5001-0701-0064-656


Professional Development

* Leading and Managing Lean Sigma course
* Technical Writing Course
* Lab safety training

* SAP software program
* Statistical Process Course
* Global Pack Management