
Gideon Rajkumar
                 1881 E Irvington 1086 El Conqusitador Apts
                 Tucson AZ 85714.
                 Contact no : 5204997430
                 Emai id : Gideon.rajkumar25@gmail.com



PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
A dedicated Professional with over 20+ years of Experience in Customer Service Operations, Training
, Risk Management ,Credit Collections & Receivables , Sales ,Partner / Franchise Management in Telecom
 , Banking & BPO Industry.

EDUCATION                              Degree Institute/University
MBA (Master's in Business Administration - Osmania University ,Andhra Pradesh India
Specializing in Finance & Marketing

Bachelor of Commerce                        Wesley Degree College , Andhra Pradesh India


Additional on the Job Training and Courses completed
Strategy in Action by Harvard Business School - Six months program . Sposored by Bharti Airtel India
for Business Leaders .
Managerial Development Program by Indian Institute of Management , Ahemdabad India
"High Powered Manager" program at Indian School of Business , Hyderabad India
Guest lectures at various Colleges for the new MBA students .
Mentor for BBA & MBA Project Trainees


Domains of Exposure
Customer Service delivery process
Evaluating strengths , weakness , opportunities and threats in business objectives and identifying
Internal and external factors involved in achieving the set objectives
Aligning business partners and all stake holders towards the organizational objectives
Proven skills in driving steps for efficient people management , leading , training & monitoring the
performance of team members , channel partners and ensure process compliance

Personal Skills :
Highly Organized and Efficient
Proven Leadership Skills and ability to Motivate
Quick Learner
Passion for Teaching / Training


WORK EXPERIENCE
Currently associated with India's Largest Telco M/s Reliance Jio , as "Head- Customer Service "
since July 2015.
Held the position of "Appellate Authority " for Telangana state India.

Key Responsibilities :
Responsible for end to end "Customer Service Operations" for Telangana State India .

Activities responsible for :
Dedicated Service to Enterprise Customers through our Relationship Managers
Call center Operations - Inbound and Outbound - Adherence to Service Levels, NPS ( Net Promoter
Score )
Customer experience at Reliance own stores
Service Quality - CSAT Scores & Audit on Inbound and Outbound Processes .
Training - Impart Training basis the Audit and Quality Scores to the Internal Teams and Franchises (
People , Process and Technology )
Process Adherence to Regulatory and Statutory bodies
On boarding of Customers - Process application forms and activations of sims from various Touch
points within the given Service Levels
Team Size
Direct Reportees - 5 ( Deputy General Managers )
Total Team Size 105 On roll employees .

2) Associated with M/s Bharti Airtel Limited between 2009 to 2015 as Head Customer Service and Zonal
Business Head
Appellate Authority of Uttar pradesh state India

3) BPO :M/s Intelenet Sparsh Mumbai .National Operations Head for Credit Card & Personal Loan
Products for Barclays Bank.
Responsible for delivering bucket collections for Credit Card through Telecallinng , OBD & adherence
to SLs
Responsible for employee satisfaction, moral motivation of the people, developing people within the
process,


4) M/s Tata Tele Services 2004-2007
Customer Service Delivery - Orissa Circle , Bhubvenswar
5) M/s ICICI Bank Limited 2004
Credit Manager for Loans - Risk evaluation and Loans Approval

Process owner from login of Loan application form to disbursement of Cheques to be the dealers
/franchises

6) M/s Birla Tata AT & T presently known as Idea Cellular Limited. April '99 to 2004
Team leader- Credit Control , Risk Management & Collections
7) M/s Karvy Consultants Limited, In Registrars &amp; Investor Services Division. 1996-99
Management Trainee

Trainer to Registrars and Investors Division
IPO - Initial Public Offer Post public issue activities Transfer of Shares and Debenture
Correspondence with share/debenture holders.
Coordination with Client companies and shareholders meetings

PERSONAL DETAILS
Date of Birth: 25th June 1970.
Marital Status: Married.
Languages Known: English
Extracurricular Activities : Half Marathon runner ,League Cricket player & MC for all the events at
M/s Reliance