
                                                SARAH BAIRD



                2406 S Ingram Mill Rd, Springfield, Missouri, 65804, US * (573) 821-6712 * sbaird95@gmail.com


Professional Summary

Pursuing a similar position where problem-solving abilities will be valued. Excellent multitasking abilities, including the ability to work on multiple
orders at the same time. With 5 years of experience, well-versed in standard food prep techniques as well as safe food-handling standards. Resourceful
and hardworking, with strong leadership abilities and excellent attention to detail. Ability to adjust to changing menus and policies, as well as deal
with customer complaints.

Skills

   Food preparation and safety                                       Quick learner
   Adaptability                                                      Effective trainer
   Efficient multitasking                                            Team management
   Critical thinking                                                 Organization

Education

Culinary Arts - Associate of Arts
Ozarks Technical Community College   - Springfield, MO

Criminology - Bachelor of Arts
Missouri State University - Springfield, MO

Business - Associate of Arts - 2017
State Technical College of Missouri - Linn, MO

Work History

Line Cook - August, 2021 to Present
Ruby Tuesday  - Springfield, MO

   Ensured that food handling, cleaning, and sanitation protocols were followed to ensure that staff and customers were safe.
   Restocked all food items to ensure that the cooks had all of the ingredients they needed for service throughout the shift.
   Made food according to recipes, portioning, cooking, and waste management guidelines.

Waterfront Director - May, 2021 to July, 2021
Girl Scouts of the Missouri Heartland - Springfield, MO

   Instructed participants on the goals, procedures, and safety considerations for each activity in order to ensure that all campers had a positive
   experience.
   Oversaw camper activities in order to address behavioral issues while also encouraging fun, safety, and inclusivity.
   Gave staff members training on how to run areas and follow safety procedures.

Associate - April, 2020 to March, 2021
Walmart Supercenter  - Springfield, MO

   Went through the department and removed any items that were outdated or overripe.
   Worked with members of the sales team to keep track of inventory levels and resolve item issues.
   Maintained current knowledge of shelf planograms and end cap plans to effectively merchandise products.
   Aided promotional efforts by updating signage to reflect price changes.
   Inspected floor displays, noted missing items, and replenished merchandise as soon as possible.




Cook - March, 2019 to March, 2020
Dublin's Pass Irish Pub - Springfield, MO

   Maintained a high level of consistency and accuracy when preparing identical dishes multiple times in one shift.
   Cleaned the grill, ovens, and fryers to sanitize the kitchen surfaces and equipment.
   Taught new employees about proper food preparation, storage, kitchen equipment use, sanitation, and safety.

Certifications

   First Aid/CPR Certified ServSafe

