
Jessica Ferrer
2000 Antler Dr
St. Cloud, FL, 34772
Cell: 954-336-1220
JFerrer525@gmail.com
Career Snapshot
   — Five years of commended performance in key customer service and
   support roles.
   — Expert in customer care/communications, problem solving,
   relationship building and user training and support.
   — MS Office "power-user" with additional proficiencies in assorted
   databases.

Computer Skills
Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook, Publisher, Millennium

Mission Statement
Strive to exceed customer/ employer expectations by delivering
second-to-none service. Maintain customer satisfaction in all initiatives
and interactions, always putting the customer first.

Customer Service & Support Specialist
Offering an award-winning track record of customer care excellence within
high-volume environments that include...
Administrative  -  Customer Service Desks -  Secretarial
Key Skills


   — World-Class Customer Service
   — Troubleshooting/ Problem Solving
   — Up-Selling/Sales Support
   — Customer Order Fulfillment
   — Call Center Operations
   — Technical/User Support
   — Complaint Handling
   — Reports & Documentation


Professional Experience


Massage Envy spa. - Cooper City, FL
Clinic Administrator, 2008 to 2011


massage envy. -
Davie, FL
Customer Service/ Sales, 2007 to 2008


East West real estate. Davie, FL
Receptionist, 2006 to 2007


Liaison between clinic owner and clinic staff. Responsible for overall
clinic performance including operations and standards of client and
employee care. Provided telephone, online and face-to-face customer
service/support within high-volume call centers (handling an average of
60 calls/internet inquiries daily), busy customer service desks.
Performance Review Excerpts
"...For the second year in a row, Jessica has been the top performer on my
team...exceeded her sales goals by 10%...excellent communication, technical
support and troubleshooting skills...excels in working independently in a
fast-paced environment...has become my #1 trainer of new hires..." (2009
Performance Review, Massage Envy Spa.)
"...Jessica exemplifies excellent customer service...consistently thinks
outside the box and finds creative ways to solve customer
problems...Identifies opportunities to increase customer retention and
satisfaction through the use of up -selling strategies and excellent
communication skills...well organized, with the ability to multitask and
prioritize workload...documents in detail all interactions with customers..."
(2008 Performance Review, Massage Envy Spa.)
 "...Our guests routinely rave about the above-and-beyond service and
 personalized attention they receive from Jessica...highly resourceful...a
 consummate customer service professional..." (2006 Performance Review,
 East West Real Estate)
Education
BROWARD COLLEGE - Pembroke Pines, FL
Currently enrolled Associate of Arts (AA) in Business Administration