
Robert Rivera

Brooklyn, NY 11206
robrivera1127@gmail.com
6469729804

Highly motivated to learn new skills
Able to work well in a fast or slow paced environment with demanding objective complition. completing
dalily goals will be a main goal.
Willing to work any open availability


Work Experience

Service Advisor
Planet Mitsubishi
October 2015 to March 2019

As a service advisor my job was to communicate with customers locate the issues they're having
with their vehicle provide accurate quotes parts and labor to correct the customers issues in a timely
fashion all while providing great customer service

Parts Manager
PLANET MITSUBISHI    - Long Island, NY
October 2015 to June 2017

My job as a parts manager was to answer all phone calls regarding part needs and locating part for
customer and mechanics and to upsell all parts fluids and accessories to customer and mechanic.
Receiving Freight inventory stocking or inventory to assigned stock location maintain cleanliness of all
work areas

Grocer/stock
People's Choice supermarket   - Brooklyn, NY
September 2016 to March 2017

* Unloaded freight
* Fulfilled customer orders
* Ensured orders were placed in a timely manner
* Maintained cleanliness and presentation of stock room
* Organized and retrieved inventory
* Responded to customer inquiries
* Removed shopping carts from store aisles
* Assisted in sanitation

Porter/Maintenance
K.G Suzuki - Long Island City, NY
February 2012 to October 2014

As a porter my job was to maintain cleanliness of all work offices work buildings and all vehicles on
worksite my job consisted of sweeping mopping trash removing vehicle detailing all in a timely manner
while providing great customer service




Education

High school or equivalent
Acorn High School For Social Justice
September 2008 to June 2012


Skills

Communication. Ability to Work Under Pressure. Decision Making. Time Management. Self-motivation.
Conflict Resolution. Leadership. Adaptability. (4 years), Sales, retail sales, Communications

