
3347 Broken Branch Court
Apt 94 Sacramento, CA 95834
(805)709-1329
shannon_sarver@yahoo.com
Shannon Sarver
Objective
To obtain a challenging position in Human
Resources which allows me to explore all areas of the field.
Experience
2006-Present	Cache Creek Casino Resort	Brooks, CA
Benefits Representative II
Administer, direct, and review employee benefit programs.
Identify and implement benefits to increase the quality of
life for employees, by working with brokers and researching
benefits issues. Design, evaluate and modify benefits
policies to ensure that programs are current, competitive
and in compliance with legal requirements.
Mediate between benefits providers and employees, such as
by assisting in handling employees' benefits-related
questions. Ensure company compliance with federal and state
laws, including reporting requirements.
Advise managers and employees on federal employment
regulations, collective agreements, and benefit policies.
Administer employee insurance, pension and savings plans,
working with insurance brokers and plan
carriers.  Coordinate health fairs and open enrollment.

2006-2006	Long's Drugs	Lincoln, CA
Assistant Store Manager
Direct and coordinate activities of departments concerned
with the pricing, and sales of products.
Manage staff, preparing work schedules and assigning
specific duties.  Review financial statements, sales and
activity reports, and other performance data to measure
productivity and goal achievement and to determine areas
needing cost reduction and program improvement.
Determine staffing requirements, and interview, hire and
train new employees.  Provide customer service by greeting
and assisting customers, and responding to customer
inquiries and complaints.  Monitor sales activities to
ensure that customers receive satisfactory service and
quality goods.  Assign employees to specific duties.
Inventory stock and reorder when inventory drops to a
specified level. Enforce safety, health, and security
rules.  Prepare budgets and approve budget expenditures.
Open and close cash registers, performing tasks such as
counting money, separating charge slips, coupons, and
vouchers, balancing cash drawers, and making deposits.
Ticket, arrange and display merchandise to promote sales.

2002-2006	Best Buy	Sacramento, CA
Administrative Senior
Interview applicants to obtain information on work history,
training, education, and job skills.
Maintain current knowledge of Equal Employment Opportunity
and affirmative action guidelines and laws.
Perform searches for qualified candidates according to
relevant job criteria, using computer databases, and
employee referrals.  Prepare and maintain employment
records.  Contact applicants to inform them of employment
possibilities, consideration, and selection.
Advise managers and employees on staffing policies and
procedures.  Plan and conduct new employee orientation to
foster positive attitude toward organizational objectives.
Provide customer service by greeting and assisting
customers, and responding to customer inquiries and
complaints.   Monitor sales activities to ensure that
customers receive satisfactory service and quality goods.
Manage staff, preparing work schedules and assigning
specific duties.  Open and close cash registers, performing
tasks such as counting money, separating charge slips,
coupons, and vouchers, balancing cash drawers, and making deposits.

1999-2002	Allan Hancock College	Santa Maria, CA
Office Assistant
Communicate with customers, employees, and other
individuals to answer questions, disseminate or explain
information, take orders and address complaints.
Answer telephones, direct calls and take messages.
Compile, copy, sort, and file records of office activities,
business transactions, and other activities.
Complete and mail bills, invoices, and checks.
Operate office machines, such as photocopiers and scanners,
facsimile machines, voice mail systems and personal
computers.  Open, sort and route incoming mail, answer
correspondence, and prepare outgoing mail.
Review files, records, and other documents to obtain information to respond to requests.
Education
2007-Present	CSU Sacramento	Sacramento, CA
M.B.A., Business Administration and Human Resources Management
To be obtained May 2009.
2003-2006	CSU Sacramento	Sacramento, CA
B.A., Business Administration and Human Resources Management.
Obtained August 2006.
2001-2002	Allan Hancock College	Santa Maria, CA
A.A., Liberal Studies.
Obtained May 2002.