

PM


PETER MINKOVSKI

peterminkovski@gmail.com | 8477547673 | Chicago, IL 60290

Summary

Attentive and goal-focused brings successful approach to cultivating complex best practices to meet
organizational and
regulatory expectations. Detail-oriented focus on achieving expected outcomes. Enthusiastic hard
worker with expertise in
cultivating lucrative client relationships and implementing better processes and procedures.
Motivated individual with
business acumen and willingness to take on challenging roles. Tech-savvy and quick learning with
technical know-how,
social media expertise and sales abilities to support and drive substantial growth. Organized and
motivated employee
eager to apply time management and organizational skills in various environments. Seeking
entry-level opportunities to
expand skills while facilitating company growth.

Skills

Work Planning and Prioritization
Requirements Gathering
Operations Analysis
Meeting Scheduling
Quality Assurance
Project Management
Staff Management
Vendor Selection
Verbal and Written Communication

Experience

aeoflex technologies | Chicago, IL
Consultant
01/2021 - Current




Fmjp Consulting Inc | Chicago, IL
Electrical Sales
07/2019 - 12/2020

Detail Oriented
Customer Relationship Management
Schedule Management
Database Entry
Phone and Email Etiquette
Conflict Resolution
Creative Thinking
Relationship Building
Active Listening




Applied techniques to analyze requirements, system capabilities and
workflows.
Developed and implemented new procedures to facilitate business growth.
Assisted in developing and implementing different workflows and
communication processes.
Resolved [Type] issues and implemented corrective actions to prevent
recurrence.
Leveraged proven workflow and technology systems to produce effective
strategies for clients.

Handled sales paperwork with organized approach for managing
contracts, sales orders and payments.
Completed numerous calls each day to connect with potential customers,
answer questions and cultivate relationships.
Promoted electrical products with strong upselling and cross-selling
abilities.
Organized store by returning merchandise to proper areas and restocked
displays.
Described merchandise and explained use, operation and care.
Recommended, selected and located merchandise based on customer
desires.

Cleaned shelves, counters and tables to maintain organized store.
Greeted customers to determine wants or needs.

contact electric | Chicago, IL Liaised with internal and external customers to drive timely delivery
of
Logistics Coordinator goods and orders.
01/2015 - 12/2018 Relayed information between drivers and recipients regarding ETA and
potential delays.
Prioritized work based on business demands and freight delivery times.
Dispatched information to service providers to schedule freight movement.
Evaluated problematic conditions to resolve issues and optimize service
levels.
Managed paperwork and necessary information required for client
shipments.

Local 134 | Chicago, IL Installed conduit, wire and motor controls.
Electrician Connected wires to circuit breakers and transformers.
01/2000 - 11/2018 Adhered to specifications and codes in installation of electrical wiring,
equipment and fixtures.
Interpreted schematics, blueprints and diagrams to complete projects on
time.
Traced and diagnosed electrical malfunctions using hand tools and test
equipment.
Directed electricians on installation, maintenance and repair on electrical
wiring and equipment.
Assessed, tested and operated variety of electrical components and
systems.
Worked extensively on three-phase, 277/480 volt power distribution
systems.
Planned and installed complicated circuit systems in both commercial and
residential construction.
Placed and installed safety systems and set up emergency lighting,
uninterruptible power systems and battery systems.
Identified and addressed hazards, defects and repair requirements through
inspection of electrical equipment.
Tested entire electrical assembly for performance levels and safety
concerns.
Evaluated electrical systems, equipment and components to identify and
resolve defects and safety risks.
Oversaw project details and adhered to diagnosis, wiring and OSHA
regulations.
Reviewed and assessed electrical, mechanical and architectural diagrams
and specifications to accurately complete projects.
Installed cables, conductors and wire trays and completed necessary
hook-ups for primary power lines.
Interpreted blueprints and technical drawings to correctly assemble panels
and control boxes.
Contributed to various projects, providing value to department, company
and client base.
Leveraged drawings and manuals to design and implement electrical
systems for new installations.
Collaborated with architects and electrical and mechanical engineers on
continuous improvement efforts to optimize reliability and value.
Developed accurate estimates and proposals to perform electrical




installations and troubleshooting.
Troubleshot EMCS and variable frequency drive systems to correct and
rectify issues.
Updated customer records using automated systems to maintain strict
documentation.
Participated in pre-construction meetings to negotiate prices, terms of sales
and service agreements.
Trained facility engineering staff on proper machinery rebuild or repair
techniques to minimize critical equipment downtime.

Education and Training

Oakton Community College | Des Plaines, IL
Associate of Science in Psychology
05/2016

Chicago 134 Electrical Trade School | Chicago, IL
Trade School in Electrical, Electronics And Communications Engineering
01/2006

Mather Highschool | Chicago, IL
High School Diploma
06/1996

City Colleges of Chicago - Wilbur Wright College | Chicago, IL
Some College (No Degree)

Languages

Portuguese:

Limited

