
Taylor Sullivan                                                          1716 Lydia Ave W Roseville, Mn
                                                                         55113
Seek to work in an environment that would challenge me further,          (319) 215-6369
                                                                         littlesully7@gmail.com
while allowing me to contribute and succeed in the organization. I
am pursuing employment opportunities where I can serve, in a
team and gain experience.




Skills

   *   -Administered medications as prescribed
   *   - Able to build a relationship with different clients and
       families
   *   - Ability to stay calm in during crisis.
   *   - Reliable
   *   -Case notes and Documentation
   *   - Facilitate Group Sessions
   *   CPR & First Aid Trained
   *   Work with others and alone


EXPERIENCE
Prairie Care- Psychiatric Technician June 2018- Present
   - Assist in observation, planning, intervention and evaluation
       of patient care. Ensure patients are safe on the unit.
       Establish therapeutic relationships with patients, use verbal
       escalation tools, monitor safety, cleanliness and
       documentation, make phone calls to CPS when needed, lead
       goal and activity groups and keep unit organized.


Premier Disability Services - May 2017- June 2018

Helping Clients all over the United States to get approved for Social
Security Disability Benefits at a Call Center and doing data entry
and updating files, making phone calls to different social security
offices.

JEC MILLER INC , Bloomington, MN -          July 2015- Present

Passing Medication, Light Cleaning, Data entry into Computers and
using different software Programs, Answering Phones, Updating
Charting, Projects in the Group Homes, Scheduling Appointments.




Genesis Group Homes, Brooklyn Park, MN -         Direct Support
Professional
August 2016- May 2017

Passing Medication, Light Cleaning, Documentation, Answering
Phone Calls and taking clients on activities and to Therapy, working
on Behavior Techniques and support plans.

Harmony Homes, Arden Hills- Direct Support Professional
August 2014- December 2016
Passing Medication, Scheduling Appointments, Preparing
Dinner and Providing Transportation to Therapy and other
activities in Community.


EDUCATION

Highschool Diploma- Cedar Falls, Iowa 2011

University of Northwestern, St Paul -    Associates in Arts Degree
Aug 2014- December 016

Metropolitan State University, St Paul, MN -     Bachelor's in
Arts- Psychology and a Minor in Criminal Justice.
-Graduate in December 2018

Anoka Technical College- EMT School August 26,2019- Current

Volunteer Work:
   - RJCA= Restorative Justice Community Action- 2018
   - Mentorship program called ONE2ONE with a Middle
       School one day a week from 2018-2019
   - Criminal Justice Volunteer Work with MnDOC

