
1525 Willow River Run
Grayson, GA 30017
Jxle02@yahoo.com
Home: (404) 856-9318
Mobile: (770) 639-1673
Joseph Le
Objective
Seeking to obtain a position as maintenance technician/mechanic utilizing
trouble shooting and managerial skills/ethics to grow personally and
professionally within an organization.
Qualifications
A results-oriented / human relation professional with extensive
experience in business management, customer service support and product
training of information systems.  This includes In-depth expertise in the
implementation, analysis, optimization, troubleshooting and documentation
of a systems design life cycle (SDLC) while efficiently maximizing
processes and procedures.  Impressive record of accomplishments for
diagnosing complex problems, consistently delivering effective solutions.
Proven ability to lead and motivate to ensure success.  Strong work ethic
with excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to flourish within a
team environment.

Technical Expertise:
Software Operating Systems:  Microsoft Windows 3.11 - 9X Platforms;
Microsoft Windows 2000 Server and Professional; Microsoft NT 4.0
Workstation and Server; Microsoft Windows XP Home and Professional

Programming Platforms:  Miracle C; Microsoft SQL Server 2005; Java;
UNIX/Linux;

Software Production:  Primavera management software & Project Planner;
Shoptec; Microsoft Office Suite; Virtually All Microsoft products
including Microsoft Project: Adobe Acrobat Reader and Writer; Norton
Antivirus Corporate Edition; Symantec PC Anywhere; Symantec Ghost;
Microsoft Visio; Microsoft Access 2003; Microsoft SQL Server 2005; All
Macromedia products (Installation and Configuration); All Adobe products
(Installation and Configuration);

Hardware: Excellent knowledge of PC desktops, handheld devices, laptops
and peripherals. Extensive knowledge of Microsoft based server
technologies, equipment, and accessories. Managed highly controlled
processes and procedures for secure inventory products including cellular
devices, laptops, digital/analog hardware peripherals, etc...


Professional Experience


2008-Present                                             NEXPAK
atlanta,  ga
injection molding technician
Currently serving as maintenance technician on injection molding machines
(Husky & Netstal), Automation/robots, buffers, accumulators,
sealing/bundling machines (Ilsemann & Gima), and UV curing print
stations. This includes service of pneumatic, hydraulic, and electrical
power sources, installing/removing molds, preventative maintenance and
general/extensive repairs on injection units, transfer/take-off, nests,
welding heads, variable pumps, motors, etc...


2007-2008                                             CIBA VISION
atlanta,  ga
 ELECTRO-MECHANIC
 Served as an electro-mechanic for optical tooling: Responsibilities
 include Service, calibration, verification, preventative maintenance,
 fabrication & technical/mechanical support for OptiForm, RoboForm, CNC
 lathes, manual lathes, mills, grinders and other vital fabrication
 machinery and metrology devices. Respond and prioritize to work orders
 efficiently and productively to minimize machine downtime. Utilizing
 skill diversity to lead multiple development and implementation projects
 for tracking KPI metrics. Successfully implemented TAKT Charts and a
 database that will track and report technical and mechanical downtime.
 Both systems have been implemented by management with the appropriate
 procedures.


2001-2007                                               RadioShack
atlanta,  ga
 management/supervisor
 Served as a customer solutions specialist and store manager. Responsible
 for hiring, training, and developing retail sales associates.
 Instrumental in delivering profitable sales while maintaining
 operational excellence. Assisted in monthly training and meetings
 materials that focused on profit and loss strategies. Was highly
 esteemed in customer service and satisfaction applying consistent
 conflict resolutions to manage all issues at the store level. Received
 four promotions, with over thirty-eight regional awards of performance
 recognition.

 Accomplishments:
 Instrumental in the successful migration from Windows 2000 Professional
 to Windows XP PRO
 Instrumental in the successful migration from NT Server to Windows 2000
 Server
 Instrumental in the successful migration from Office 2000 to Office
 2003
 Performed key role in implementing online archive database solution
 Streamlined inventory auditing for hardware and software
 Streamlined successful integration of networks and systems during office
 consolidation
 Performed routine server maintenance including backups, archiving, and
 virus scans
 Over thirty-eight regional & divisional awards for sales recognition
 Zero customer complaints for over six years of service.
 Successfully completed SDCL for KPI metrics, implementing TAKT chart and
 database for reporting technical and mechanical downtime.
 Solved metrology issues by fabricating various components to hold
 tolerance and consistency.


Education
University of phoenix  (2005-2008)
Atlanta, GA
Bachelor's Degree in Information Technology
Studies include: SDLC; Programming; Data-mining; Database development;
Project Planning
Proficient in Windows 2000, XP Professional, Server Exchange and Office
2000 and 2003
southern polytechic state university (1998-2002)
Marietta, ga
Degree in Electrical Engineering Technology
Studies include: Circuits analysis; Digital analysis; Schematics; Truth
Tables; Mathematics;

References:
BILL WARREN
Senior Toolmaker
678.415.5235
KEITH BURKE
Optical Tooling & Tool room Supervisor
770.778.0324
Jeff parker
 General Sales Manager
 678.360.2863
 Mike busby
 Nexpak Maintenance Manager
 404.539.2855
 Vince toulson
 2nd Shift Nexpak Technician Lead
 770.778.0324
 Robert Mathis
 Injection Molding Engineer
 678.458.7459