
Kelly Ryan
65-1158 Mamalahoa Hwy
PMB 148
Kamuela, HI 96743
808.557.0949 cell
endorphinwarrior@aol.com

Qualifications
Highly motivated, creative and versatile Fitness Professional with 20+
years experience in one-on-one coaching, teaching group classes,
workshops and creating and directing sports and conditioning programs.
Specializing in running, swimming and triathlon coaching, Pilates and
injury prevention and recovery.  Retired Professional runner with
accomplishments in road and trail competitions.


Education
Colorado State University. Ft. Collins, CO.
B.S in Exercise and Sport Science
Myopatterning Certification.  Denver, CO
IWA Certification
ChiRunning Certification
Lifeguard Certification


Relevant Experience
Pacific Physical Therapy and Pilates      Kamuela, HI
Manager/Instructor/PTA     Aug 2007 - Dec 2010
Providing group and individual classes.  Creating a fun and exciting
atmosphere whereby students learn how to integrate mind/body connections.
Worked closely with Physical Therapists and their clients to improve body
and posture awareness.  Implement exercise programs for increased
strength and improved flexibility.


Other Experience
     Hawaii Preparatory Academy      Kamuela, HI
     Program Director/Fitness Instructor     Jun 2007-Dec 2010
     Creation and supervision of fitness programs for both students and
     the community.
     Supervision of 3-4 staff and 40-80 students.
     Instructor for weight training, water aerobics and sports classes


Other Experience
     Artistic Body Development     Denver, CO
     Instructor     Feb 2002 - Mar 2007
     Pilates Instructor.  Teaching group classes to a variety of people
     with varying abilities from
     athletes to post surgical rehabilitation .


Other Experience
     Run For Your Life     Denver, CO
     Owner/Instructor  Feb 1999- Dec 2010
     Professional coaching service one-on-one and group for running and
     triathlon.
     Specializing in the biomechanics of the sport and teaching athletes
     how to become more
     efficient to decrease and prevent injuries.


Other Experience
    Veterans Administration Hospital     Denver, CO
    PTA     Jan 2000 - Feb 2001
    Assist Physical Therapists in creating and administering exercise
    programs and modalities.
    ordering DMEs, prosthetics and other equipment used in a
    rehabilitation setting.


References Available Upon Request