
Emma Troupe

Madison, AL 35758
efrancisca@netzero.net
+1 256 617 3876



Work Experience

Production Supervisor
Axxeum   - Huntsville, AL
January 2022 to Present

Assist and oversee lower-level technicians, the manufacturing of electronic circuitry, components, and
wiring harnesses according to manufacturing orders, drawings, customer specifications, and process
instructions. Analyze, plan, and manage production control activities to improve runtime. Establish
work orders in ERP system to ensure proper build of assemblies per specifications through router and
traveler creation for production. Develop process improvements to meet business objectives. Monitors
the execution of job orders, and adjust production schedule for timely delivery. Approves timekeeping
to improve future bidding hours for contract quotes to advance business development quote creation.

Manufacturing Supervisor
R & D Electronics - Brownsboro, AL
January 2019 to January 2022

Provide daily and weekly production updates, corrects time sheets, provide hands on training,
instruct and supervise employee's on how to properly assemble military associated cable assemblies.
Manufactures electronic assemblies by performing soldering and repairs, wire termination, cable harness
assembly, cable harness installation, and box build integration. Interprets engineering drawings and
diagrams. Works with engineering to update and revise manufacturing work instructions.

Production Supervisor
Cherokee Nation Red Wing    - Huntsville, AL
September 2017 to December 2018

Create purchase requisitions and work order travelers for fabrication. Updates weekly schedules
and production run distribution dates in Excel. Maintain calibration, tool, and stamp log. Disperse,
supervise, and assemble military associated communication cable assembly products manufactured to
the schematic specifications given of customer. Assist with QA, test, and operate calibrated machines
to confirm validity to record data.


Education

Associate in Electronics
J F Drake State Community and Technical College - Huntsville, AL
May 2010 to May 2012




Skills

* Leadership Experience

* Manufacturing

* Schematics

* 5S

* Fabrication

* Assembly
* Management


Certifications and Licenses

Certified Fiber Optic Installer (TR-CFI)
March 2022 to March 2025

Classroom instruction and hands on tasks that meet TIA-568B.3 standards including connector and
termination procedures, buffer tube fan out kit, cable management techniques, cable preparation,
mechanical splicing, fusion splicing, and testing with OLTS and OTDR.

Certified IPC Trainer
June 2022 to June 2024

IPC/WHMA-A-620.
Requirements and acceptance for cable and wire harness assemblies.

