
R AJIV P AUL
15808 Pioneer Hills Terrace   Darnestown, MD 20874   rajivpaul@yahoo.com   301-793-6987

20+ years of combined experience with Accenture and Aptara - Proven success partnering with clients to
deliver IT Solutions planning, design, development and delivery.

IT Executive with deep skills across many aspects of Information Technology including Program
Management, Project Management, Digital Content Transformation, Digital Strategy, Learning
Transformation and Learning Architecture.
Extensive experience in managing and delivering Enterprise Application solutions and working with
onshore, offshore, and outsourced teams.
Summary of Qualifications:
-

-

-

-

-

-

15+ years of experience with the top ranked global organizations (Accenture) managing and
delivering range of federal and corporate IT initiatives while participating in analysis, design,
development and implementation of IT solutions for Accenture global clients
15+ years of Program and Project Management experience managing and delivering client
Enterprise solutions through all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) utilizing
Waterfall, Iterative and Agile methodologies.
Extensive experience in Managing Clients and multi-million dollars projects through Solution
Planning, Project Plans and Costing, Scope Definition and Management, Work
Breakdown Structure (WBS), and Delivery to Close-out.
Effectively work with the client and client teams in coordinating and facilitating requirements
gathering, and Joint Application Design (JAD) sessions, to gather and record project scope and
requirements. Document Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM), and document
Responsibility Assignment Matrix (RAM).
Experience with Process Evaluation while documenting as-is and to-be process model in order to
implement required process improvements.
As Program Manager, Managed, Monitored and Controlled, the project Schedule, Scope,
Cost through the delivery of the project while managing the team of 100+ team resources.
Experience with leading the global team across the time-zones in delivering the offshore
outsources solution.
Proven leader with track record of leading Business Unit (BU) with responsibility of BU s
Revenue growth and P&L through business development and sales and managing high
performance teams (onshore and offshore). Successfully generated opportunity pipeline,
develop work estimates and solutions, lead proposal effort, manage client relationship
and deliver to client satisfaction.
Subject Matter Expertise (SME) in Digital Content Strategy and Content Management Solutions
helping clients with their Content Transformation Ecosystem. Thought Leader helping clents
with Enterprise Content Management, Digital Solution Architecture, Mobile Application
Development and Learning Management System.

Highlights of expertise:
  SDLC/Agile Methodology
  Digital Strategy and Content
Transformation
  Executive-level Influencing

  Program Management
  Solution Architecture and
Solution Roadmap
  Business Case Analysis

  Project Management
  Client and Business
Development
  Proposal effort and new

   Learning Management Solutions
(LMS)
  Learning Architecture

EDUCATION

AND

sales initiative

TRAINING

MASTER OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION, 1992
UNIVERSITY OF DC SCHOOL OF BUSINESS, VAN NESS, Washington D.C.
BS IN BUSINESS, 1985
PUNJAB UNIVERSITY, Chandigarh, India
Professional Certifications: ITIL Foundation

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
STRATEGIC INFORMATION MANAGEMENT, INC., DARNESTOWN, MD:20874
Consulting and Program Management, 1/2016   Present
As an independent consultant, provided Program Management and Project Management and
Application Delivery support to Cenveo, Inc. Cenveo a $2 billion company, is a world leader in the
management and distribution of print and related offerings.
Key Achievements:
Manage the transition of Label print operations from onshore to offshore. The responsibilities included:
-

Interview the onshore resources and Document of As-Is business process flow of the current
Label printing operations and recommend and document the Process Improvements.
Document the Return on Investment on offshore resource allocation of the print operation
Document the resource skills requirements for offshore recruitment
Work with onshore and offshore Infrastructure teams to establish the infrastructure
requirements for seamless transition
Work with the onshore training team to document and develop training curriculum for offshore
resource training

Project Manage the application development and delivery of Digital Transformation for National
Print Registry. The responsibilities included:
-

Work with the offshore team on development, QA and delivery of 6 new web sites for the client
Get the 6 National Registry converted to XML and Digital Solution delivered through MongoDB
Content Database
Work with the client and offshore development team to manage the requirements and delivery to
client expectation for the complete project.

APTARA, INC., FALLS CHURCH, VA
Vice President   Content Technology Solutions, 3/2010   12/31/2015
As Vice President of Aptara s Content Technology Solutions practice, I helped clients design and
implement their digital content strategy and solutions. I and my team provided expert guidance on
the fast changing landscape of digital content delivery, including mobile applications, workflow, and
Enterprise Content Management Solutions. As a well respected consultant in this space, I shared this
experience and best practices through webinars, vendor showcases and Aptara blog posts.

 As the lead for the Business Unit responsibilities included the overall growth for the practice including
revenue growth, management of P&L, overseeing the unit s strategic direction, and the delivery of digital
technology solutions for Aptara clients.
To establish and grow the business unit and practice I wrote white papers and knowledge paper on Content
Transformation, assisted the sales team in development of proposals and presenting to the clients, and
speaking in the webinars and trade shows, where I represented Aptara Content Technology Solutions
practice to our stakeholders.
My team was responsible for Business Development and Sales, Proposal Development, Solution
Architecture and Estimating, Technical Program Management and Engagement Delivery, and ensuring
delivery of quality solutions and services for our clients.
In the 5 years with me as the lead for the Aptara Content Technology Solutions vertical, I grew the BU
from $1M in the first year to $5M revenue in the 2014 Fiscal Year with the GPM of 35%.
Key Achievements:
Aptara s Content Technology Solutions is responsible for solution and implementation of client content
strategy including:
-

Solution roadmap to assist with client with Content Strategy and Digital Content Ecosystem
Business assessment and solution recommendation
Technology Solution development and implementation to manage client content (include Metadata,
Taxonomy, XML/NoSQL database, Semantic Tagging, etc.)
Learning Content Management and Learning Content Transformation
Implementation of Content Management Solutions (e.g. Documentum, Alfresco, Mark Logic,
Sharepoint, Mongo DB etc.)
Development and Implementation for Content Transformation Services to render solutions for
various modalities like Print, Web and Mobile,
Development of Content Solutions for Mobile platforms like iPAD, Android, Kindle, Nook, etc.

ACCENTURE, RESTON, VA
Senior Manager   Technology Consulting, 11/1994   03/2010
I worked for 16 years with Accenture. Joined Andersen Consulting in its Washington DC office in 1994.
Over the 16 years worked with Hospitality, Telecommunication and High Tech, Government, Dot Com
Launch Center and Outsourcing verticals of Accenture.
The final 5 years with Accenture I worked for Accenture Outsourcing Delivery Assets (ODA). I performed
as the product and delivery lead for Accenture Rapid Transition Suite, Accenture Performance
Management Reporting (PMR) and Accenture Service Management Suite (SMS). These capabilities were
utilized across Accenture Outsourcing engagement to help with Transition and Mobilization, provide
performance metrics and reporting, and platform for delivery governance and management.
Due to my knowledge of the Outsourcing Delivery, and ITIL certification, and my ability to work
effectively with Accenture Senior Executives, I was nominated to lead the program and work with Senior
Executives from Application Outsourcing and Infrastructure Outsourcing to effectively deliver end to end
outsourcing solution for Accenture clients.
Additional Accenture Engagements:
High Tech and Telecommunication Vertical: At WorldCom, repositioned the struggling development effort of
WorldCom marketing and sales website, dstreet.com. As the Technical Architect on the project, led the post sales
activities including managing the scope of work, the delivery approach, the cost of the project , Statement of Work and
engagement delivery. The effort resulted in sale and delivery of $5M.

 At Network Solutions I led the sales process post opportunity recognition phase for the development of Network Solution
re-designed web site and integration with their CRM system. I built relationship with the key decision makers which led to
the sales of $3.3 M in gross revenue. For the effort I defined the scope, approach, solution architecture, and build the
team to deliver the client engagement.
At Cingular (now AT&T) I effectively spent over a month helping Accenture Partner deliver a major competitive proposal
of $5.2 M. I led the team and provided directions to vendor partners like Teradata and Business Objects. I brought to the
proposal the leadership required to provide solution, direction on cost, resources and timeline to deliver. I also presented
at the Client orals and established technology solution credibility.
For Accenture Business Launch Centre, I developed  Instant-On Architecture  framework for e-business application
development, deployment and support. The  Instant-On Architecture  provided Accenture the credibility as e-business
solution provider. The asset enabled me to sell $5M+ through various client engagements.
In addition to above, worked as team members, managed, and/or delivered work at engagements like Marriott
International, University of Maryland Medical Systems, Blue Cross Blue Shields, AARP, USPS.

PROFICIENCIES
-

-

Program and Project Management of Large and Mid-Size Enterprise solutions.
Digital Content Solution Assessment and Implementation Recommendation
Business Development and Develop Client Relationships
Outsourcing and Offshore team development and management
Client Expectations Management and Application Delivery
Product Development

 