
Dawn Taylor
                                         7261 Wild Wing Dr. Ft. Worth TX 76120
                                                 Phone: 817-883-8187
                                             Email - dawnt1890@gmail.com


QUALIFICATIONS AND SKILLS:

Over 15 years in multi-family and single-family property management. Active Texas Notary with 28 years' experience and 25 years'
experience in real estate mortgages and closing loans. I have many years in Property Management, HOA's, financials, loan processing and 4
years as a licensed loan officer. I am well trained in overcoming objections and have excelling customer service with a clear understanding of
mortgage loan documents. I am a U.S citizen with a flexible schedule and have a complete home office furnished with all required equipment.
I live in NE Fort Worth and always on time if not early. Thank you in advance for considering my resume and I am seeking immediate
employment.

.
Employment:

    Regional Manager
    All Investors Property Management- Fort Worth TX, 7/2015 - July 2022

   *    Responsible for the overall performance of each assigned property, including resolving tenant concerns, analyzing the budget, policy
        compliance, and maintaining the facilities.
   *    Networking, Marketing, Sales Training for Single and Multi-Family Housing Implement and manage marketing strategies and social
        media objectives.
   *    Manager with a proven track record of excellence. Some areas of expertise are managing, motivating, training and coaching a team
        to succeed.
   *    Finding creative solutions to tough challenges, such as increasing income and reducing expenses.
   *    Lead, support, and oversee association managers and the staff, Oversee payroll processing and efficient processes.
   *    Develop annual property management plan and operating budget, and review monthly financial and income/expense reports
   *    Read, interpret and analyze financial statements to produce monthly budget comparison and variance reports
   *    Communicate effectively and regularly with management and ownership to provide updates on community operations and/or
        requirements.
   *    Review budget and performance expectations Achieve Net Operating Income (NOI), Net Cash Flow, Net Income and budget
        expectations by implementing cost controls and revenue improvement programs
   *    Assure adherence to company policies and all government regulations including Fair Housing, Equal Employment Opportunity, ADA,
        OSHA, and Plaintiff Liability
   *    Provide leadership, direction and training programs for all on-site employees
   *    Train and mentor direct reports, and create an atmosphere of cooperation, enthusiasm and professionalism among the team
   *    Conduct routine site inspections of the buildings' interior and exterior, and make appropriate recommendations for repairs and/or
        capital improvements.
   *    Negotiate new vendor agreements and SLA's
   *    Above average internet and computer skills using Microsoft Outlook, Word & Excel.

Property Manager
   Acclaim Management Group - Colleyville, TX - 12/2010 - 07/2015
     *   Assisted first time BOD members when transitioning from Developer to homeowners.
     *   Reviewed and finalize Architectural Control Committee packages (ACC request) for homeowners.
     *   Reviewed delinquency reports, preparation of monthly billing, collections and preparation of mailers and other notifications.
     *   Solicited request and review bids. Recommend board approval for all vendor contracts for outside maintenance services.
     *   Preparation, attendance and administer monthly meetings including scheduling, confirming deadlines, document preparations and
         responded to the homeowner's requests.
     *   Acted as a liaison between Association Board and Homeowners.
     *   Review and approved month financials.
     *   Attend monthly Board of Director meetings.
     *   Prepared annual budgets, oversight of monthly expenses, and capital improvement and repair projects within the budget.




     *   Overseen security, irrigation, landscaping, gates, fitness center and common area maintenance. Schedule repairs and tending to
         each Associations problem as they arise.
     *   Developed and maintained positive relationships with clients, fellow employees and vendors.
     *   Provide expertise to associates and clients about rules, regulations, and enforcement.


Property Manager
Texas Mortgage Loan Officer - Mansfield, TX - 05/2006 - 12/2010

     *
     *   Communication skills
     *   Excellent organizational and time management skills
     *   Supervise junior staff and loan processor
     *   Acknowledge federal and government local levels of loan processing lawns and regulations
     *   Ability to communicate laws in non-technical and conversational manner to others
     *   Customer service in finance field, accounting, and banking
     *   Explain closing documents

HOA Portfolio Manager
Essex HOA Property Management - 07/03/2002 - 03/2006
     *   Assisted first time BOD members when transitioning from Developer to homeowners.
     *   Reviewed and finalize Architectural Control Committee packages (ACC request) for homeowners.
     *   Reviewed delinquency reports, preparation of monthly billing, collections and preparation of mailers and other notifications.
     *   Solicited request and review bids. Recommend board approval for all vendor contracts for outside maintenance services.
     *   Preparation, attendance and administer monthly meetings including scheduling, confirming deadlines, document preparations and
         responded to the homeowner's requests.
     *   Acted as a liaison between Association Board and Homeowners.
     *   Review and approved month financials.
     *   Attend monthly Board of Director meetings.
     *   Prepared annual budgets, oversight of monthly expenses, and capital improvement and repair projects within the budget.
     *   Overseen security, irrigation, landscaping, gates, fitness center and common area maintenance. Schedule repairs and tending to
         each Associations problem as they arise.
     *   Developed and maintained positive relationships with clients, fellow employees and vendors.



License/Certifications:
                             CPM, CRM, CPS, CAM, CAAM
                             Bachelor's Degree in Marketing and Business Management
                             Texas Notary
                             Texas Loan Officer License
                             Certified Mortgage Loan Processor
                             National Honor Society


References: Renee Fisher - All Investors PMG - 817-630-5388
          Halle Armstrong - Republic Title - 682-477-7832
          Timothy Uranga - Acclaim Management Group - 682-208-0588




                                                         2