

Chaitanya CH
Chaitanyasql246@gmail.com
Contact: 408.359.6629
SQL BI Developer


Summary:
    *      7` years of diversified experience in Business Intelligence with an emphasis on Data Warehouse
      Design, SSIS, SAP BODS, T, -SQL Development, Tableau, Python, Data Modelling, Development and
      proposing cost effective solutions to meet user requirements.
    *      Extensive project development experience in ETL using SSIS, SAP BODS.
    *      Experience in developing, monitoring, extracting and transforming data using DTS/SSIS, Import
      Export Wizard, and Bulk Insert.
    *      Excellent in High Level Design of ETL DTS Packages & SSIS Packages for integrating data using
      OLE DB connection from heterogeneous sources like (Excel, CSV, Oracle, flat file, Text Format
      Data) by using multiple transformations provided by SSIS such as Data Conversion, Conditional
      Split, Bulk Insert, Merge and union all.
    *      Experience in creating packages by using ETL Tools like DTS, SSIS
    *      Strong data warehouse experience using SQL Server 2000 to 2016 and Oracle10g as the main RDBMS
       under many platforms.
    *      Excellent Experience in T-SQL Development like writing stored Procedures, Triggers, Functions,
      and Views in SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS).
    *      Hands on experience in Creating Star Schema and Snow Flake Schemas.
    *      Very good experience in Oracle tools like SQL Plus, SQL Loader, SQL Developer using TOAD in
      secure databases.
    *      Well versed in Oracle Database and worked on various versions11g/10g.
    *      Developing reports on SSRS on SQL Server (2008R2,2012,2017). Sound Experience and
      understanding of SSAS, OLAP cube and Architecture.
    *      Proficient in SQL Server and T-SQL (DDL and DML) in constructing Tables, Normalization/ DE
      normalization Techniques on database Tables.
    *      Extensively worked in tuning and troubleshooting the SSIS mappings to perform maximum
      efficiency and performance.
    *      Involved in writing MDX Scripts for the OLAP CUBES.
    *      Building and writing MDX Queries, Calculated Members, and KPI's using Microsoft SQL Server
      2008,2017 Analysis Services Business Intelligence (SSAS, SSRS)
    *      Hands on experience working with ticketing system Service NOW.
    *      Experience in SAP BO Data Services as ETL tools.
    *      Working Knowledge in Tableau and Microsoft POWER BI
    *      Can work through Python and java scripts.
    *      Identified Key Performance Indicators (KPI) and Metrics for Business needs in SSAS 2008
    *      Sound analytical and problem solving skills.
    *      Extensive experience in coordinating development effort, ensuring on time deliverables and
      status reporting to management.
    *      Expert in defining and deploying Cubes using SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS).
    *      Successfully deployed reports in various sources like XML, Web browser and PDF
    *      Excellent communication skills in both verbal and written forms.


Education:
    *      Bachelors of Technology in Computer and Sciences.

Technical Skills:

SQL Server Tools    SSMS,BIDS, Enterprise Manager, DTS, Profiler, DTA, Upgrade Advisor
ETL & Reporting Tools    SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, BIDS, DTS, Business Objects, Informatica 7.1.3/6.2
Databases    SQL Server 2000/2005/2008/2008 R2,2012 MS Access, Oracle
Programming Languages    SQL ,T-SQL, PL/SQL, VB, C#, ASP.NET
Operating System          Windows Server 2000/2003,2008, 2008 R2, Windows NT 4.0
Windows    XP/98/95,MS DOS, Linux.
Scripting          HTML ,XML, VBScript, JavaScript, ASP, C#, ASP.NET, VB.NET, ADOMD.NET
Tools          Erwin ,Visual Studio 2008/2005 and SharePoint, Report Builder 1.0/2.0/ 3.0



Work Experience:

Intuitive Surgical Inc. - Sunnyvale, CA                                                March 2019 - Till date
BI SQL Developer

Intuitive Surgical, Inc. designs, manufactures, and markets da Vinci surgical systems, and related
instruments and accessories in the United States and internationally. The company's da Vinci
Surgical System include surgeon's consoles, patient-side carts, 3-D vision systems, da Vinci skills
simulators, da Vinci Xi integrated table motions, and Firefly fluorescence imaging products that
enable surgeons to perform various surgical procedures, including gynecologic, urologic, general,
cardiothoracic, and head and neck surgical procedures. Intuitive Surgical, Inc. was founded in 1995
and is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California.

Responsibilities:
    *      Actively interacted with Team Members and Project Management team to analyze the business
      process and requirements.
    *      Implemented and supported ETL processes (BODS) to migrate large data volumes from multiple
      source systems: CRM (SAP), ECC (SAP) into an enterprise data warehouse.
    *      Worked on developing, monitoring, extracting and transforming data using DTS/SSIS, Import
      Export Wizard, and Bulk Insert.
    *      Used ETL (SSIS) to develop jobs for extracting, cleaning, transforming and loading data into
      data warehouse.
    *      Experience on creating Packages with Visual studio 2017,2019.
    *      Strong experience on SQL Server Database
    *      Scheduled and monitored T-SQL Jobs for Full and Incremental loads.
    *      Scheduled jobs to execute BO objects, which were developed to update database objects daily
      and maintained nightly loads of data by creating the corresponding tasks.
    *      Performed migration of Microsoft SQL server to Azure SQL database.
    *      Extensively worked on writing of SQL query, T-SQL, batchjobs, optimizing batch processes well
      tuning various ETL jobs.
    *      Expertise in SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) and with good knowledge on Tableau Reports
      .
    *      Involved in creating multiple parameterized stored procedures, Views which were used by the
      reports to get the data.
    *      Worked on writing of Custom SQL queries for Tableau Reports.
    *      Created Functional Requirement Specification document as well as Design Specification Document
      based on User Requirement Specification document.
    *      Extensively using joins and sub-queries for complex queries which were involving multiple
      tables from different databases. Analyzing data and re-mapping fields based on business
      requirements.
    *      Good Hand on Resolving complex issues and Error Handling in SSIS.
    *      Extract Transform Load (ETL) development using SQLServer2016, SQL2017, SQL
      2008R2IntegrationServices (SSIS).
    *      Involved in bug fixing of the current production issues and delivery in short time frame.
    *      Used table variables and Common Table Expressions (CTEs).
    *      Provided Knowledge Transfer to the end users and created extensive documentation on the
      design, development, implementation, daily loads and process flow of the mappings.
Environment: MSSQLServer Management Studio, Business Object Data Services (BODS), SSIS, Tableau,
Windows XP, XML, MS Excel, Service Now.

Cardinal Health                                                      Feb 2017 - January 2019
SQL Developer

Cardinal Health, Inc. operates as an integrated healthcare services and products company in the
United States and internationally. It provides customized solutions for hospitals, healthcare
systems and pharmacies. The company operates through two segments, Pharmaceutical and Medical. The
Pharmaceutical segment distributes branded and generic pharmaceutical, specialty pharmaceutical. In
addition, this segment distributes a range of national brand products, including medical, surgical,
and laboratory products; and provides supply chain services and solutions to hospitals, ambulatory
surgery centers, clinical laboratories, and other healthcare providers. Cardinal Health, Inc. was
founded in 1979 and is headquartered in Dublin, Ohio.

Responsibilities:
    *      Created databases and schema objects including tables, indexes and applied constraints,
      connected various applications to the database and written functions, stored procedures and
      triggers.
    *      Used ETL (SSIS) to develop jobs for extracting, cleaning, transforming and loading data into
      data warehouse.
    *      Prepared the complete data mapping for all the migrated jobs using SSIS.
    *      Designed SSIS Packages to transfer data from flat files to SQL Server using Business
      Intelligence Development Studio.
    *      Extensively used SSIS transformations such as Lookup, Derived column, Data conversion,
      Aggregate, Conditionalsplit, SQL task, Script task and Send Mail task etc.
    *      Maintained a series of UNIX Shell Scripts to manage batch order processing.
    *      Deploying and Scheduling Reports using SSRS to generate all daily, weekly, monthly and
      quarterly Reports including current status
    *      Generated parameterized reports, sub reports, tabular reports using SSRS 2016
    *      Made Master Child package using variables and Execute package task in SSIS.
    *      Used Execution Plan, SQL Profiler and Database Engine Tuning Advisor to optimize queries and
      enhance the performance of databases.
    *      Developed Shell scripts for job automation and daily backup.
Dealer Track Inc. -NY                                                      May 2015 - December 2016
SQL Server BI (SSAS, SSRS, SSIS) Developer

Dealer track operates the largest online credit application network in North America. In addition,
Dealer track's award-winning solution set for dealers is the industry's most comprehensive including
a Dealer Management System (DMS); Inventory, Sales/F&I, and Interactive; a web-based network for
arranging vehicle transportation and shipping; electronic motor vehicle registration and titling
applications; paper title storage; and digital document services.
Dealer track and its web-based software solutions and services enhance efficiency and profitability
for all major segments of the automotive retail industry, including dealers, lenders, OEMs,
third-party retailers, agents, and aftermarket providers.

Responsibilities:
    *      Business requirements gathering, proposing a system design.
    *      Extract Transform Load (ETL) development using SQLServer2005, SQL2008, SQL
      2008R2IntegrationServices (SSIS).
    *      Creating New Data Warehouse and loading the data from different source systems.
    *      Coordinated with source system owners, day-to-day ETL progress monitoring, Data warehouse
      target schema design (Star Schema) and maintenance.
    *      Created SQL Server Reports using SSRS2008.Identified the data source and defined them to build
      the data source views.
    *      Worked on Visual studio Script task using VB.net and C#
    *      Experience in Developing and Extending SSAS Cubes, Dimensions and data source view
      SSAS-Datamining Models and Deploying and Processing SSAS objects.
    *      Developed Analysis Services Project. Developed, deployed and monitored SSIS Packages including
      upgrading DTS to SSIS. Responsible for identifying and defining Data Source and Data Source
      views. Created cubes and defined the dimensions.
    *      Generated parameterized reports, sub reports, tabular reports using SSRS 2008
    *      Made Master Child package using variables and Execute package task in SSIS.
    *      Deployed, Tested and Scheduled SSIS packages.
    *      Deploying and scheduling Reports using SSRS to generate all daily, weekly, monthly and
      Quarterly Reports including current status.
    *      Developed incremental loading using MERGE statement in SQLserver2008R2.
    *      Experience in Data Warehouse Modeling with SQL Server Analysis Service(SSAS)
Environment: SQL Server 2008R2, SQL Profiler, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, SQL*Plus, MS Visio, T-SQL, Visual
Studio 2008R2/2012, ERWIN, MS Office, SQL, Oracle 10g, Tableau.

